Overview of a nice, upscale neighborhood. Cars are driving by, people are taking walks and pushing baby carriages while saying hello to each other.

Focus on house where a woman steps outside, carrying a basket of flowers. Her voice is the one in the voiceover.

"My name is Mary Alice Young. When you read this morning's paper, you may come across an article about the unusual day I had last week. Normally, there is never anything newsworthy about my life. But that all changed last Thursday."

As she talks, we see snippets of what she's describing.

"Of course, everything seemed quite normal at first. I made breakfast for my family. I performed my chores. I completed my projects. I ran my errands. In truth, I spent the day as I spent every other day, quietly polishing the routine of my life. Until it gleamed with perfection. That's why it was so astonishing when I decided to go to my hallway closet and retrieve a revolver that had never been used."

Mary Alice holds the gun to her head and pulls the trigger. The gun goes off and in the reflection of a mirror, Mary Alice falls to the floor.

A woman reaches down into a pile of red, blood-like liquid, dips her finger into it, and raises it to her lips to taste it, then turns to look out her window when she hears the shot. The voiceover continues.

"My body was discovered by my neighbor, Mrs. Martha Huber, who had been startled by a strange popping sound. Her curiosity aroused, Mrs. Huber tried to think of a reason for dropping in on me unannounced."

Mrs. Huber goes to her hallway closet and removes a blender that has a label on it reading "Property of Mary Alice Young"

She leaves her house and hurries over next door.

"After some initial hesitation, she decided to return the blender she borrowed six months before."

Mrs. Huber goes to the front door and rings the bell, waits, then rings it again. She then goes around the house and peeks through a window. Seeing the body on the floor, she screams and rushes back to her house to call 911.

"It's my neighbor. I think she's been shot. There's blood everywhere! Yes, you've got to send an ambulance. You've got to send one right now!"

She hangs up.

"And for a moment, Mrs. Huber stood motionless in her kitchen, grief-stricken by this senseless tragedy. But only for a moment."

Mrs. Huber turns to look at the blender with its label firmly attached.

"And if there's one thing Mrs. Huber was known for..."

Mrs. Huber tears off the label on the blender.

"...it was her ability to look on the bright side."

She puts the blender back in the closet.

Many people go to Mary Alice Young's house, dressed solemnly.

"I was laid to rest on Monday. After the funeral, all the residents of Wisteria Lane came to pay their respects. And as people do in these situations, they brought food. Lynette Scavo brought fried chicken."

Lynette, caring a large platter of chicken, looks drawn and tired.

"Lynette had a great family recipe for fried chicken. Of course, she didn't cook much while she was climbing up the corporate ladder."

Flashback to Lynette in a boardroom, giving a presentation to a group of people.

"She didn't have the time. But when her doctor announced Lynette was pregnant..."

Flashback to Lynette in her doctor's office, getting the ultrasound. Lynette is grinning, obviously excited.

"...her husband, Tom, had an idea. 'Why not quit your job? Kids do better with stay at home moms. It would be so much less stressful.'"

Lynette hesitantly nods her agreement at him, her smile gone.

Present time, Lynette continues walking down the sidewalk, holding the chicken platter and pushing a stroller. As she walks, her other three children, all little boys, two of whom are twins, walk in front of the stroller, the twins pushing each other as they walk.

"But this was not the case. In fact, Lynette's life had become so hectic, she was now forced to get her fried chicken from a fast food restaurant. Lynette would have appreciated the irony if she had stopped to think about it."

Lynette tries to break up her children's fight as it gets more physical. She kneels down in front of them, angry.

"Listen to me. You are going to behave today. I will not going to be humiliated in front of the entire neighborhood. And, just so you know how serious I am..." [she pulls a piece of paper out of her jacket].

One of her boys asks, "What's that?"

Lynette: "Santa's cell phone number."

Twin: "How'd you get that?"

Lynette: "I know someone who knows someone who knows an elf. And if any of you acts up, so help me, I will call Santa and tell him you want socks for Christmas. Are you willing to risk that?"

They shake their heads no.

She straights up. "All right, let's get this over with."

The camera pans to a Hispanic man in a suit, standing outside of a beautiful house. He turns to watch his gorgeous wife hurry down the steps to meet him.

"Gabrielle Solis, who lives down the block, brought a spicy paella."

Flashback to Gabrielle when she was younger, walking down the runway as a fashion model.

"Since her modeling days in New York, Gabrielle had developed a taste for rich food and rich men."

Flashback to a restaurant, where Gabrielle and the man are having dinner.

"Carlos, who worked in mergers and acquisitions, proposed on their third date. Gabrielle was touched when tears welled up in his eyes. But she soon discovered that this happened every time Carlos closed a big deal."

Present time, where Gabrielle joins Carlos as he waits for her.

"Gabrielle liked her paella piping hot. However, her relationship with her husband was considerably cooler."

Carlos and Gabrielle walk down the street. Carlos tells Gabrielle that if she talks with Mason at the wake, she's to casually mention to him how much he paid for her necklace.

Gabrielle retorts "Why don't I just pin the receipt to my chest?"

Carlos explains that Mason let him know how much he had paid for his wife's convertible. He tells her to just work it into the conversation. Gabrielle says she can't just work it in.

Carlos: "Why not? At the Donahue party, everyone was talking mutual funds and you found a way to mention you slept with half of the Yankee outfielders."

Gabrielle: "I'm telling you, it came up in the context of the conversation."

Carlos: "Hey! People are starting to stare. Can you keep your voice down?"

Gabrielle: "Absolutely. Wouldn't want people to think we're not happy."

The door to the Young's house opens to show a well-groomed woman standing outside with her husband, son, and daughter. She's holding two baskets full of baked goods.

"Bree Van De Kamp, who lives next door, brought baskets of muffins she baked from scratch. Bree was known for her cooking, and for making her own clothes, and for doing her own gardening, and for re-upholstering her own furniture. Yes, Bree's many talents were known throughout the neighborhood. And everyone on Wisteria Lane thought of Bree as the perfect wife and mother. Everyone, that is, except her own family."

Bree walks in, with her husband and children following behind her.

She goes up to Paul and Zachary Young to offer her condolences. They tell her that she didn't need to go through so much trouble, and she says that it was no trouble at all.

She explains that one of the baskets is for the guests and the other is just for Paul and Zachary and those are "breakfast type things." As she talks, her family silently looks at each other. She hands Paul and Zachary the muffins and reminds them that she will need the baskets back. Behind her, her husband briefly closes his eyes.

A woman leaves her house with her teenage daughter. She's carrying a casserole dish with aluminum foil covering it. The foil comes off the dish and the woman has to grab it before it flies away.

"Susan Mayer, who lives across the street, brought macaroni and cheese. Her husband Carl, always teased her, saying it was the only thing she knew how to cook, and she rarely made it well. It was too salty the night she and Carl moved into their house. It was too watery the night she found lipstick on Carl's shirt. She burned it the night Carl told her he was leaving her for his secretary."

Flashback to Carl leaving the house with suitcases as Susan and her daughter sit at the kitchen table, a macaroni and cheese dinner in front of them. Susan begins to cry. Her daughter leans over and pats her mother's arm.

In present time, Susan and her daughter leave their house and begin walking towards the Young's house.

"A year had passed since the divorce. Susan had started to think how nice it would be to have a man in her life, even one who would make fun of her cooking."

As they walk, Susan's daughter asks, "Mom, why would someone kill themselves?"

Susan: "Well, sometimes people are so unhappy, they think that's the only way they can solve their problems. "

Julie: "But Mrs. Young always seemed happy."

Susan: "Yeah. But sometimes, people pretend to be one way on the outside, when they're totally different on the inside."

Julie: "Oh, you mean like how dad's girlfriend is always smiling and says nice things, but deep down, you just know she's a bitch? "

Susan: "I don't like that word, Julie. But yeah, that's a great example."

They reach the house and go inside. Susan puts the macaroni and cheese on the table with the other food. She heads to the kitchen where the other three women are sitting. They say hello. Susan looks at Mary Alice's chair and then picks up the coffee to pour herself a cup.

Flashback to when all five of the women were drinking coffee together at that table when Susan's husband left her.

Mary Alice: "So what did Carl say when you confronted him?"

Susan: "You'll love this. He said, it doesn't mean anything. It was just sex."

The women all scoff. She continues. "And then he got this Zen look on his face and said, you know, Susan, most men live lives of quiet desperation."

Lynette: "Please tell me you punched him."

Susan: "No, I said, really? And what do most women lead? Lives of noisy fulfillment?"

The women offer support.

Susan: "I mean, of all people, did he have to bang his secretary? I had that woman over for brunch."

Gabrielle: "It's like my grandmother always said. An erect penis doesn't have a conscious."

Lynette: "Even limp ones aren't all that ethical."

Bree joins in, saying that that's the reason she joined the NRA.

"When Rex started going to those medical conferences, I wanted it in the back of his mind that he had a loving wife at home with a loaded Smith & Wesson."

They laugh.

Mary Alice asks Lynette if she's worried about her husband, since he's always away on business. Lynette says that he's gotten her pregnant three times in four years. "I wish he was having sex with someone else."

They ask Susan if he'll stop seeing the woman and she says she doesn't know.

Susan: "I just don't know how I'm going to survive this."

Mary Alice: "Listen to me. We all have moments of desperation. But if we face them head on, that's when we find out just how strong we really are."

Susan puts her hand on Mary Alice's.

In present time, Bree interrupts Susan's memories, saying that Paul wants them to come over on Friday to go through Mary Alice's closet and pack up her things, as he can't face doing it himself. Susan agrees. Bree asks if she's okay. Susan tells her "I'm just so angry. If Mary Alice was having problems, she should have come to us. She should have let us help her."

Gabrielle asks what problems she could have had. "She was healthy, had a great home, a nice family. Her life was - "

Lynette interrupts. "Our life." They're all quiet.

Gabrielle says that if Mary Alice had been having problems, they would have known, because she only lives 50 feet away. Susan tells her, "Gabby, the woman killed herself. Something must have been going on."

Off to the side, unbeknownst to the women, Paul Young listens to their conversation, grim-faced. He takes a sip of his drink.

Later, at the buffet, Susan comes up to a man putting some macaroni and cheese on his plate. She tells him not to eat it. He asks her why. She replies with "I made it, trust me." He starts to take a bite and she stops him. "Hey, hey, do you have a death wish?" He answers with "No, I just refuse to believe that anybody can screw up macaroni and cheese."

He puts some in his mouth and Susan looks apologetic as she holds up her hands as though to say that she warned him.

He starts to chew, then stops.

"Oh my god. How did you - it tastes like it's burnt and undercooked."

"Yeah, I get that a lot."

She takes a napkin and has him spit the food into it.

He thanks her, then introduces himself as Mike Delfino. He says that he's renting the Sims house. She introduces herself and he says that he heard about her from Mrs. Huber, and that he heard that she illustrates children's books.

"Yeah, I'm very big with the under five set."

She laughs at her own joke and he chuckles. She asks what he does and he tells her that he's a plumber. "So if you ever have a clog.. or something" They smile and she looks away. She looks at the mac and cheese. "Now that everybody's seen that I've brought something, I should probably just throw this out." She picks up the mac and cheese as he watches her.

Across the room, Julie looks on, interested.

She walks away and he watches her go. She turns around as she walks, and he smiles at her. She smiles back.

Mrs. Huber finds Lynette as she's breast feeding her infant. Lynette tells her child "Ease up, little vampire."

Mrs. Huber says that she's been looking for her. "Are you aware of what your sons are doing?"

Her boys are swimming in the Young's swimming pool. Lynette comes rushing down to the pool. Looking around at everybody, she then leans down. "What are you doing? We are at a wake!"

Her boys say that she told them they could go in the pool. She clarifies that she told them they could go by the pool. She asks if they have their swimsuits on. They say that they put them on before they left. Lynette's furious. "You three planned this?" She picks up their clothing and tells them to get out. They refuse. She tells them "I am your mother. You have to do as I say." They tell her that she can't stop them from swimming.

Lynette looks around and sees everybody watching her. She then looks at her boys, who have their arms crossed as they glare at her.

She makes a decision and hands her baby to the priest. She then wades into the pool, fully clothed. They start to swim away, but she grabs them anyway. Susan, watching from the side, looks embarrassed for her.

Lynette drags her children out, takes back her baby, and tells Paul that they have to leave. "Once again, I am so sorry for your loss."

She leaves with her children.

"Lynette shouldn't have been so concerned about my husband. He had other things on his mind. Things below the surface."

Paul looks down in the depths of the pool.

"The morning after my funeral, my friends and neighbors quietly went back to their busy, busy lives."

Lynette's children are throwing cereal everywhere while she tries to calm them.

"While some did their cooking, and some did their cleaning..."

Bree cleans toilet, furiously.

"...and some did their yoga..."

Gabrielle quietly does yoga on her front porch.

"...others did their homework."

A soccer ball is kicked over Mike Delfino's house into his backyard.

The doorbell rings at Mike's house. Julie is shown to have rung it. Mike answers the door as his dog barks and Mike bends down to hold onto its collar.

"Hi. I'm Julie. I kicked my soccer ball into your backyard."

"Okay, well, let's go around and go get it."

He walks outside with her, telling his dog to stay.

Later that day, Julie, tossing the soccer ball in her hands, talks to her mom.

"His wife died a year ago. He wanted to stay in L.A., but there were too many memories. He's renting for tax purposes, but he hopes to buy a place real soon."

Susan tells her daughter that she can't believe she went over there. Julie replies that she saw them flirting at the wake.

"You're obviously into each other. Now that you know he's single, you can ask him out."

Susan says that she likes him, but she doesn't know if she's ready to start dating again. Julie says that she needs to get out there. She asks her mom, "how long has it been since you've had sex?"

Susan stops what she's doing and looks at her daughter.

"Are you mad that I asked you that?"

"No, I'm just trying to remember. I don't want to talk to you about my love life anymore. It weirds me out."

Julie says that she wouldn't have said anything, except that she heard her dad's girlfriend ask if Susan has dated anyone since the divorce and "dad said he doubted it. And then they both laughed." Susan stares at her daughter, silent and shocked.

Susan walks determinedly down the street to Mike's house. In her hands, she carries a small house plant. When she reaches his place, she rings the bell.

He opens the door.

"Hey, Susan."

"Hi, Mike. I brought you a house warming gift."

She says that she should have come by earlier. He says that she's the first in the neighborhood to stop by. She's happily surprised. "Really!"

"Susan knew she was lucky. An eligible bachelor had moved onto Wisteria Lane and she was the first to find out. But she also know that good news... "

Edie Britt calls out, Hello there! as she comes up to join Susan and Mike on the porch.

"...travels quickly. Edie Britt was the most predatory divorcee in a 5-block radius."

Scenes of Edie are shown as she seduces a plumber, then a tennis instructor, and then a priest.

"Her conquests were numerous. Varied. And legendary."

Edie has a covered dish in her hands as she bounds up the porch, says hi to Susan, and then introduces herself to Mike. Susan watches as they shake hands.

"Susan had met the enemy and she was a slut."

Mike takes the food and thanks her.

"What's this?"

"Sausage putinesca. Just something I threw together."

Susan gives her a knowing look. Mike thanks her.

"That's great. I'd invite you both in, but I was sort of in the middle of something."

They both protest that it's no problem, they had to go anyway.

"And just like that, the race for Mike Delfino had begun."

The two woman walk away together, with Mike watching them while still holding the housewarming gifts.

"For a moment, Susan wondered if her rivalry with Edie would remain friendly."

Edie turns around to face Mike. "Oh, Mike! I heard you're a plumber?"

"But she was reminded that when it came to men..."

Edit continues. "Do you think you could stop by later tonight and take a look at my pipes?"

"...women don't fight fair."

Mike answers her. "Sure."

Susan sighs. She and Edie continue walking.

Edie: "Bye, Susan."

Susan: "Hmm."

They separate.


At Gabrielle and Carlos's house, Gabrielle is shouting that Carlos can't order her around. She tells him that she's not going.

Carlos: "It's business. Tanaka expects everyone to bring their wives."

Gabrielle: "Every time I'm around that man, he tries to grab my ass."

Carlos: "I made over $200,000 with him last week. If he wants to grab your ass, you let him."

He walks away from her, out of the house.

He sees the 16-year-old gardener, John, and calls his name. John is startled and cuts his finger. Carlos asks him why a bush is still there, since John was supposed to get rid of it last week. John says he didn't have time. Carlos says that he doesn't want to hear any more excuses. Just get rid of it.

Gabrielle comes out of the house and tells Carlos that she hates the way that he talks to her. He replies with "and I really hate that I spent $50,000 on a diamond necklace that you couldn't live without. But I've learned to deal with it. So, can I tell Tanaka we'll be there tomorrow night?"

Before answering him, Gabrielle turns to John and tells him that they have bandages in the kitchen. He goes inside.

Gabrielle tells Carlos that she'll go, but "I'm keeping my back pressed against the wall the entire time." Carlos backs away, smiling as he walks. "See? Now this is what a marriage is all about. Compromise."

In the kitchen, John puts on a band-aid. Gabrielle asks him if his finger is okay. He says yes, it was just a small cut. She asks to look at it. She holds his finger up to her eye level and then kisses the band-aid that's wrapped around it. Then she starts licking his finger, and before long, they start kissing each other.

John backs away after a couple of seconds, telling her "I really like it when we hook up, but I just gotta get my work done. I can't afford to lose this...job, and..."

He watches as she takes off her shirt and leans back seductively on a table in the kitchen.

She tells him that the table she's sitting on is hand carved and it's imported from Italy.

Gabrielle: "It cost him $23,000."

John (chuckles): "So you wanna do it on the table this time?"

Gabrielle: "Absolutely."

She pulls off his shirt and they lean back together onto the table, kissing.

Dinner time at Bree's house.

Aside from some soft classical music in the background, the only sound is the clinking of silverware on the plates. Danielle and Andrew are picking at the food. Danielle asks her why they can't ever have normal soup. Bree smiles and responds "Danielle, there is nothing abnormal about basil puree." Danielle asks if they can't, just once, have a soup that somebody's heard of, like french onion, or navy bean.

Bree: "First of all, your father can't eat onions. He's deathly allergic."

She looks at her husband, who's slowly eating, his eyes averted.

Bree: "And I won't even dignify your navy bean suggestion." [She turns to Andrew] "So, how's the osso buco?"

Andrew: "It's okay."

Bree: "It's okay? Andrew, I spent three hours cooking this meal. How do you think it makes me feel when you say it's okay in that sullen tone?"

Andrew: "Who asked you to spend three hours on dinner?"

Bree (shocked): "Excuse me?"

Her husband looks down at his plate.

Andrew: "Tim Harper's mom gets home from work, pops open a can of pork and beans, and boom, they're eating. Everyone's happy."

Bree: "You'd rather I serve pork and beans?"

Danielle turns to her brother. "Apologize now, I am begging you."

Andrew: "I'm saying, do you always have to serve cuisine? Can't we just have food?

Bree: "Are you doing drugs?"

Andrew: "What?"

Bree: "Change in behavior is one of the warning signs and you have been fresh as paint over the last six months. That would explain why you're always locked in the bathroom."

Danielle: "Trust me, that is not what he is doing."

Andrew: "Shut up."

He tells his mom that he doesn't have a problem and that she acts like she's running for mayor of Stepford. Bree looks to Rex for support.

"Rex. Seeing that you're the head of this household, I would really appreciate you saying something."

"Pass the salt."

At a grocery store.

"Three days after my funeral, Lynette replaced her grief with a much more useful emotion. Indignation."

Lynette is on the phone to Tom's voice mail while shopping. She says in her message that it's the fifth time she's left a message and he still hasn't called her back.

"Well, you must be having a lot of fun on your business trip. I can only imagine. Well, guess what, the kids and I want to have some fun, too, so unless you call me back by noon, we are getting on a plane and joining you."

As she's talking, the twins grab a cart and race off. Her third boy watches them go and tries to get Lynette's attention. Lynette tells him "Not now, Mommy's threatening Daddy." Suddenly, she notices that the twins are gone.

They're walking down an aisle, throwing tons of food into the cart.

Lynette goes off searching for them and runs into Natalie Kline, a well-dressed woman. Lynette mutters "crap" when Natalie recognizes her, but then smiles at her. They make small talk. Lynette asks how the firm is doing, and Natalie tells her that everyone misses her. "We all say that if you hadn't quit, you'd be running the place by now. So. How's domestic life? Don't you just love being a mom?"

"And there it was. The question that Lynette always dreaded."

Lynette: "Well, to be honest..."

"For those who asked it, only one answer was acceptable. So Lynette responded as she always did. She lied."

Lynette: "It's the best job I've ever had."

Behind her, near the check out lanes, her boys run the cart into an older woman, who trips and falls down. Lynette closes her eyes.

Outside of Gabrielle and Carlos's bedroom, a school bus goes by. John and Gabrielle are in bed, with Gabrielle smoking. John asks her why she married Carlos.

Gabrielle: "Well, he promised to give me everything I've ever wanted."

John: "And did he?"

Gabrielle: "Yes."

John: "So why aren't you happy?"

Gabrielle: "I wanted all the wrong things."

John: "So do you love him?"

Gabrielle: "Yes."

John: "Then why are we here? Why are we doing this?"

Gabrielle: "Because I don't want to wake up one morning with a sudden urge to blow my brains out."

John: "Hmm. Hey, can I have a drag?"

Gabrielle: "Absolutely not. You're much too young to smoke."

They kiss.

That night, Susan fluffs her hair and checks her outfit while looking in a mirror. She asks Julie "How would you feel about me using your child support payments for plastic surgery?"

Julie, working at the dinner table on a school project with popsicle sticks, tells her mom that she looks fine. Susan tells her "If you would cut back to two meals per day, I could get the chemical peel."

Julie tells her not to be nervous, she's just asking him out to dinner.

Susan stops primping and goes over to where her daughter's working.

Susan: "So, is that your project for school? You know, when I was in fifth grade, I made the White House out of sugar cubes."

Julie: "Stop stalling and go. Before Mike figures out he can do better."

Susan: "Tell me again why I fought for custody for you."

Julie: "You were using me to hurt dad."

Susan: "Oh, that's right."

She kisses the top of Julie's head and walks out, groaning.

At Mike's house, she knocks on his door. He answers, wearing jeans and a tight T-shirt, holding a beer.

Susan: "Are you busy?"

Mike: "No, not at all. What's up?"

Susan: "Well, I just, uh, was wondering, if there was any chance that you, uh, I was just wanting to ask if -"

Suddenly, Edie comes to the door.

Susan: "Edie!"

Edie: "Hey, there, Susan."

Susan: "What are you -"

Edie: "I was making ambrosia. And I made too much, so I thought I'd bring some over to Mike. What's going on?"

Mike: "Susan was just going to ask me something."

He raises his eyebrows at her.

Susan: "I have a clog."

Mike: "Excuse me?"

Susan: "And you're a plumber, right?"

Mike: "Yeah."

Susan: "The clog's in the pipe."

Mike: "Yeah, That's usually where they are."

Susan: "Well, I've got one."

Mike: "Well, let me go get my tools."

Susan: "Now? You want to come over now? You have company."

Edie: "I don't mind."

She smirks at Susan.

Mike tells Susan "Just give me two minutes. I'll be right over." He walks back into the house and Edie closes the door in Susan's face. Susan turns and runs back to her house.

Susan and Julie frantically stuff hair into the drain. Julie says it's not enough to clog the drain. Susan grabs some peanut butter and cooking oil to pour down the drain. "And these olives." Julie says that it's not working.

The doorbell rings, and through the kitchen window, Susan can see Mike, who smiles at her.

Susan asks "How am I going to stop up this sink?" She turns to Julie, who turns to face her, and together they turn to look at Julie's popsicle project sitting on the kitchen table.

Later, Mike is on his back in the kitchen, fixing the pipe, with Susan watching him.

Mike: "Well, here's your problem. Looks like somebody stuffed a bunch of popsicle sticks down here."

Susan: "I've told Julie a million times not to play in the kitchen. Kids, you know?"

She catches sight of her daughter on the stairs, who glares at her. When Mike turns his attention back to the pipes, she shrugs her shoulders and looks apologetically at Julie.

At a family restaurant, Bree and her family get their order taken. Andrew says that the restaurant has video games. He asks if they can play until their food gets there. Bree tells him that it's family time. Rex interrupts her and tells them that they can play. The kids leave.

Bree: "I know you think that I'm angry about coming here, but I'm not. You and the kids wanted a change of pace and some fun. I get it."

Rex: "I want a divorce. I just can't live in this, this detergent commercial anymore."

She stares at him, shocked.

The waiter comes over and tells them that the salad bar is over there and they can help themselves. Bree composes herself and takes Rex's salad plate. She tells him that she'll get his salad. As she gets up, he asks her, "Bree, did you hear me?" She goes to the salad bar, and begins putting salad and toppings on the plate automatically.

Mrs. Huber comes up to her. "Bree Van De Kamp!" Bree turns to face her. "Oh! Hello, Mrs. Huber." Mrs. Huber says that they didn't get a chance to talk at the wake. How is Bree doing?

Bree stares blankly into the salad bar as she adds more toppings.

"Bree longed to share the truth of her husband's painful betrayal, but sadly for Bree, admitting defeat was not an option."

Bree turns back to Mrs. Huber. "Everything is great. Just great."

She arrives back at the table. "I got you the honey mustard dressing. The ranch looked just a little bit suspect." Resigned, he begins eating. She watches him as he chews.

Rex: "Bree, are we gonna talk about what I said?"

Bree: "If you think that I'm gonna discuss the dissolution of my marriage in a place where the restrooms are labeled Chicks and Dudes, you're out of your mind."

Suddenly, Rex clutches at his throat. "What's in this?" She tells him that it's salad. He asks her "With onions?" For a minute, she doesn't say anything, but just stares at him. He starts to get up from the booth.

Rex: "You put onions in my salad!"

Bree: "No, I didn't!"

He falls to the ground, knocking the table cloth with the plates on it over. Bree suddenly remembers. "Oh, wait!"

Late at night, at the Young house

Zachary Young, who was sleeping in his bed, suddenly sits up straight. He can hear a noise and he gets out of bed to look out his window. He goes outside and walks towards the sound.

"The sound that awakened my son was something he'd heard only once before, many years ago, when he was quite young. But he recognized it instantly."

He reaches the pool, where the water had been drained out of it. Paul Young is using a rock pick to cut through the dirt and rock at the bottom.

"It was the sound of a family secret."

Paul looks up and sees Zachary, then goes back to work.

"Seven days after my funeral, life at Wisteria Lane finally returned to normal. Which, for some of my friends, was unfortunate."

Lynette is feeding her baby, who flings food at her.

A twin runs in, shouting that their dad is home. They climb all over him as he walks in. Lynette gets up, happy to see him. She says that she wasn't expecting to see him. He says that he has to go back in the morning, but that she sounded "a little frazzled" so he came home.

The kids ask him for presents, and he gives them a football. He makes them promise that they will go outside and practice throwing for 20 minutes. They promise and then run out. He throws the football to them.

As they play, Tom and Lynette go into the bedroom, kissing. Lynette protests, saying that she's exhausted, looks terrible, and she's covered in peaches. He tells her that he's gotta have her. He starts fumbling with his pants.

She lies back on the pillows, tired.

Lynette: "Well, is it okay if I just lie here?"

Tom: "Absolutely."

He takes off his jacket. They kiss.

She tells him that she was having trouble with swelling, so the doctor took her off of the pill, and he needs to use a condom.

Tom: "Condom? What's the big deal? Let's risk it."

Lynette: "Let's risk it?"

Tom: "Yeah."

She punches him, and he falls off of her to the side.

In the hospital, Rex is in a hospital bed with Bree sitting by his bedside.

Rex: "I can't believe you tried to kill me."

Bree: "Yes, well, I feel badly about that. I told you, Mrs. Huber came over, and I got distracted. It was a mistake."

Rex: "Since when do you make mistakes?"

Bree: "What's that supposed to mean?"

Rex: "It means that I'm sick of you being so damn perfect all the time. You're this plastic suburban housewife..."

Bree looks stunned as he talks.

Rex: "...with her pearls and her spatula who says things like "We owe the Hendersons a dinner." Where's the woman I fell in love with? Who used to burn the toast and drink milk out of the carton? And laugh. I need her. Not this cold perfect thing you've become."

Bree gets up and takes a vase of flowers into the bathroom, explaining that they need water.

In the bathroom, she quickly adjusts the flowers and then turns on the faucet. Then she begins to cry..

"Bree sobbed quietly in the restroom for five minutes. But her husband never knew. Because when Bree finally emerged, she was perfect."

Carlos kneels down to look at the grass on the lawn as Gabrielle rushes out of the house in an evening gown. He asks her if John was there today. She says yes. He says that the lawn hadn't been mowed, and he's had it with John; he's gonna get a real gardener. She asks him why.

Carlos: "Are you deaf? I just said he's not doing his job."

Gabrielle: "It's dark. You just can't see that the lawn has been mowed."

Carlos: "It hasn't been. Feel this grass."

Gabrielle: "I'm not feeling the grass. Let's just get going."

She walks off and Carlos looks at the grass again.

At the party, they walk into the group of people mingling outside. He sees Tanaka, and tells her that it's "time for me to go into my dance." She wishes him luck and kisses him. He walks off.

She frantically looks around. She grabs a waiter and points out Carlos. She tells the waiter to make sure that he has a drink in his hand all night long. She takes some money and gives it to the waiter. The waiter smiles and goes off to follow Carlos.

Gabrielle rushes off and drives back home. She reaches her house, gets out of the car, and pulls out the lawn mower, still in her evening gown. She starts the mower and begins mowing the lawn.

Later, once she's finished, she returns to the party and looks for Carlos. He's where she left him, still with Tanaka, and the waiter is handing him a drink. She breathes a sigh of relief and rubs a hand through her hair, where she finds a leaf behind her ear. Gasping, she pulls it out and drops it to the ground, looking around to make sure nobody noticed.

The next morning, at Carlos and Gabrielle's house, Carlos walks outside. He walks through the lawn, then stops, looks down, and kneels, feeling the grass. Shaking his head, he gets back up and walks to his car.

Gabrielle is up on the balcony and she breathes a sigh of relief as she watches him.

At the grocery store, Susan is shopping. She gets stopped by Mrs. Huber, who says that she's not feeling well, that her stomach is upset.

Mrs. Huber: "I had the worst macaroni and cheese at the wake. It's been running through me ever since. And I need to be at my best. Edie Britt's son is spending the night tonight."

Susan: "He's spending the night?"

Mrs. Huber: "Apparently, Edie is having a gentleman friend over for dinner and I think she plans on entertaining into the wee hours. If you know what I mean."

She turns back to the medicines as Susan rushes off, without her cart. Mrs. Huber doesn't notice as she continues talking to Susan. "Oh, here's some antacid. Have you ever tried this?" She looks up and Susan is gone.

Susan is pacing in her kitchen.

Susan: "I can't believe it. This can't be happening. Mike can't like Edie better than me, He just can't!"

Julie: "You don't know what's going on. Maybe they're just having dinner."

Susan just stares at her.

Julie continues. "You're right. They're doing it."

Susan walks to Edie's house, a measuring cup in her hand. She sees a car parked in front, and she goes up to the house and knocks on the door. She calls out Edie's name, then goes around the back of the house. "Edie?" She tries a door and it's unlocked, so she calls out softly, "Hello? Anyone home?" She goes inside, calling out, "Edie? are you here? I need to borrow sugar."

She walks into the living room, where clothing is thrown haphazardly on the floor. Candles are lit, and music is playing. Susan picks up Edie's bra, which is lying on the couch, and hears sounds of lovemaking from upstairs.

"And just like that, the possibility Susan had clung to, the maybe of Mike Delfino was gone forever."

Susan sits on the couch, the measuring cup dropping, forgotten, onto the floor.

"And despite the precariousness of her situation..."

Susan dejected, throws Edie's bra behind her, where it hits a candle, knocking it against the curtains.

"...Susan took a moment to mourn her loss."

Susan takes a chocolate from an open container on the coffee table and eats it. Behind her, the curtains burst into flames.

After a minute, she smells the flames, and turns around, confused.

When she sees the flames, she jumps up and tries waving her arms at it, but the fire is too big. She runs to the coffee table, grabs some glasses of wine, and throws them onto the fire. The fire just roars bigger. Holding the wine glasses, she takes a pair of jeans and tries snuffing it out with them, but instead, the jeans catch on fire.

"It didn't take Susan long to realize this was not her night."

She throws the burning jeans onto the coffee table, where the items on the table begin burning. Susan doesn't know what to do and just stands there, shocked.

Edie calls down, "Is someone down there?"

Her smoke detector goes off, and Susan runs off, leaving behind the measuring cup on the floor.

Edie shouts, "My God, that's smoke!"

Susan makes it outside and runs across the lawn to escape.

The firefighters spray water on the house, which is completely engulfed in flames.

Edie rushes around the ambulance, sees her house, and is devastated.

Mrs. Huber, off camera, begins talking to a neighbor. "It's her own fault. I've got no sympathy for her. Apparently, she left some candles unattended in the den. The paramedics said she was lucky. She could have been killed."

Susan walks up to Gabrielle, Lynette, and Bree, who are standing behind police tape, watching the fire. Lynette tells Gabrielle that Edie had been having sex with some guy when the fire started. Gabrielle asks what happened to the guy. Lynette tells her: "He got smoke inhalation. He's at the hospital."

Susan is visibly upset. Bree asks if she's all right. Susan says that she feels really bad for Edie. Gabrielle says that she shouldn't feel bad for Edie.

Gabrielle: "She's a strong lady."

Lynette: "Absolutely. She'll get through this. She'll find a way to survive."

Bree: "We all do."

She turns and leaves, and the rest, minus Susan, follow. Susan walks to a police car and leans against it, looking at the fire.

A man walks up to her. It's Mike, who asks Susan "Wow. What happened?" Susan, seeing Mike, is thrilled. "Mike!"

"And suddenly, there he was, like a phoenix rising from the ashes."

Susan: "I thought you were - Uh, where were you?"

Mike: "I just got back from the movies. So, Edie had a fire, huh?"

Susan looks much happier: "Yeah. Yeah, but she's fine now. Everything's fine now."

"And just like that, Susan was happy. Life was suddenly full of possibilities."

Susan and Mike watch the fire together.

With the fire still blazing in the background, Mike heads home.

"Not to mention, a few unexpected surprises."

Mike picks up the phone and dials a number. "Hey, it's me. No, I have nothing yet. But don't worry. I'm definitely getting closer."

He reaches into his jeans, pulls out a gun, and places it next to the phone.

The next day, at the Young's house, the four women finish cleaning out Mary Alice's items.

Susan brings out some champagne, for a toast.

"The next day, my friends came together to pack away my clothes, my personal belongings, and what was left of my life."

Susan makes a toast. "All right, ladies, lift 'em up. To Mary Alice. Good friend and neighbor. Wherever you are, we hope you've found peace."

They all say her name, clink glasses, and drink.

Lynette tells them they should get on the road. Gabrielle reaches into a box with Mary Alice's clothing, asking them if they've seen it. She pulls out some clothing, and an envelope falls out of the box onto the sidewalk. She tells the other woman that Mary Alice always told her she was a size 6, when her clothing is instead a size 8. She laughs. "Guess we found the skeleton in her closet."

"Not quite, Gabrielle. Not quite."

Bree sees the letter on the ground and picks it up. Gabrielle asks her what it is. "It's a letter addressed to Mary Alice."

Gabrielle takes it from her.

"How ironic. To have something I tried so desperately to keep secret treated so casually."

Gabrielle opens the envelope. Lynette asks her what she's doing. Gabrielle says that it was open. "What's the big deal?" They all shrug, and Gabrielle opens the letter that was inside. She and Lynette read it, then pass it to Susan and Bree.

The letter reads: "I know what you did. It makes me sick. I'm going to tell."

Susan: "What does this mean?"

Lynette: "I don't know, but check out the postmark."

Bree: "Oh my god, she got it the day she died."

Gabrielle: "Do you think this is why she..."

"I am so sorry girls. I never wanted you to be burdened with this."

Susan: "Oh, Mary Alice, what did you do?"

They stand there, looking at each other solemnly.

As Mary Alice does the voice over, the camera pans around a cluttered, messy house. On the coffee table are magazines, including a tabloid with Mary Alice's picture reading: "Inside the Suburban Suicide Mom!"

"When I was alive, I maintained many different identities: lover, wife, and ultimately, victim. Yes, labels are important to the living. They dictate how people see themselves."

It's Lynette's house. She bends down and picks up some clothing, looking tired.

"Like my friend, Lynette. She used to see herself as a career woman. And a hugely successful one at that. She was known for her power lunches..."

Lynette, yawning, feeds the baby her bottle.

"...her eye catching presentations..."

Lynette slaps a magnet on a crayoned drawing she's putting on the refrigerator.

"...and her ruthlessness in wiping out the competition."

Lynette sprays a glass cleaner on some windows and scrubs furiously at the hand prints smudging it.

"Lynette gave up her career to assume a new label: incredibly satisfying role of full-time mother."

The phone rings, interrupting Lynette, who's washing dishes. She goes over to answer it.

"Scavo residence. Yes, this is me." She sighs.

Elementary School

Lynette walks down the hallway.

"But, unfortunately for Lynette, this new label frequently fell short of what was advertised."

Lynette comes upon Parker and Porter sitting outside of a classroom. They look up at her and each raise a hand in hello. Their hands and clothes are liberally splattered with blue paint.

She goes inside of the classroom.

Lynette: "How in the world did they..."

Ms. Butters: "I left the door to the art supply cupboard open for five minutes. That's all."

Lynette: "Five minutes." She sits down. "The little girl. Why didn't she say anything?"

Ms. Butters: "Your boys work quickly."

Lynette: "Well, obviously, they will be punished for this. Severely."

Ms. Butters: "I hesitate bringing this up since you got so ugly about it last time."

Lynette: "They don't have attention deficit disorder. And I'm not going to drug my boys just to make your job easier. I'd rather change teachers." She stands up.

Ms. Butters: "The boys are in my class because I'm the only teacher who can handle them."

Lynette: "What if we separate the twins? Put them in different classes. They're much calmer when they're not bouncing off one another."

Ms. Butters: "We can try that. But if it doesn't work, we may not longer be able to accommodate them."

Lynette leaves the classroom and begins walking down the hallway with the twins.

"It suddenly occurred to Lynette her label was about to change yet again. And for the next few years, she would be known as the mother of the boys who painted Tiffany Axelrod blue."

A little girl completely covered in blue paint walks by with her mother. The mother stares at Lynette accusingly.

Credits

Focus on a tape recorder that's on. The four women stand around it, listening to it.

"It looked to be an interesting afternoon on Wisteria Lane. A mysterious cassette tape had been discovered by my friend, Bree. She had stolen it from her marriage counselor. A counselor I had once spoken to in strictest confidence."

On the tape, Dr. Goldfine and Mary Alice speak.

Dr. Goldfine: "So, how have you been?"

Mary Alice: "I had the nightmare again."

Gabrielle interrupts. "It's so weird to hear Mary Alice."

Dr. Goldfine: "Still the same one."

Mary Alice: "Yes. But this time, I was standing in a river, and I saw the girl under the water. She kept screaming Angela over and over again.

Dr. Goldfine: "So what do you think the significance of the name Angela is?"

Mary Alice: "Actually, that's my real name."

Gabrielle reaches over and turns off the tape recorder.

Gabrielle: "Her real name?"

Bree nods.

Gabrielle: "That doesn't make any sense. I've seen her driver's license. It did not say Angela."

Susan: "Bree, what does it say on the rest of the tape?"

Bree: "Just more about her nightmares and this girl she was afraid of."

Gabrielle: "So what the hell do we do now?"

Susan looks past her and sees Paul watering his lawn. All of the woman turn to look. He waves and they wave back.

Susan: "I think we should show Paul the note."

Lynette: "Are you sure? He's gonna freak."

Bree: "Well, it's now or never. I mean, I saw what he's asking for the place. It's gonna sell quickly."

Gabrielle: "Can I say something? I'm glad Paul's moving."

Bree: (placing a hand over her heart in shock): "Gabby!"

Gabrielle: "I'm sorry. He's just always giving me the creeps. Haven't you guys noticed? He's got this dark thing going on. There's something about him that just feels..."

Lynette: "Malignant?"

Gabrielle: "Yes."

Susan: "We've all sort of felt it."

They watch him continue watering his lawn.

Bree: "That being said, I do love what he's done with that lawn."

The women look at her.

Susan's House

Susan is standing at the kitchen sink, absent-mindedly washing a plate, while staring out the window.

Julie comes over and looks out the window to see what Susan's looking at. It's Mike, shirtless and sweaty, tending to his lawn. Julie looks at the dish that Susan's washing.

Julie: "Mom, the dish is clean."

Susan: "Huh? Oh."

Julie: "I still don't understand why you don't just ask him out on an official date date!"

Susan: "Oh, I'm trying a new strategy. I'm playing hard to get."

Julie: "How long do you think you can keep that up?"

Susan: "Oh, maybe until noon. Then I'm gonna have to run over there and beg him to love me."

Julie laughs, then looks out the window in the other direction. "Uh, mom. I don't think you're gonna be able to wait that long."

Susan follows her gaze to where Edie is washing her car, wearing very short shirts and a revealing white top.

Susan: "You've got to be kidding. She washed her car yesterday!"

As Edie washes, she glances over at Mike, who glances back. She takes the sponge she's using and squeezes the water from it over her chest and Susan can't believe it.

Susan: "Oh, no, she's not."

Mike stops working to watch.

Susan: "Yep. She's bringing out the big guns."

Julie: "You better get over there. She's wearing cotton."

She walks over to a drawer and pulls out an envelope.

Susan: "What am I supposed to say to Mike? I saw you half naked and thought I'd drop by?"

Julie hands Susan the note.

Susan: "What's that?"

Julie: "A piece of Mike's junk mail we got by mistake. I held onto it in case of an emergency."

Susan is thrilled. "God bless you!"

She kisses Julie and rushes out the door.

Susan crosses her lawn to go to Mike, looking over at Edie as she does so.

She comes up to Mike.

Susan: "Hi."

Mike: "Hey, Susan."

Susan: "I, uh, got this by mistake."

Mike: "Oh, thanks." He opens it.

Susan: "I hope it's not important."

Mike: "Oh, not, it's just a promotion for the Realto. They're having a film festival."

Susan: "Oh."

Edie watches them.

Susan"Well, guess I've done my good deed for the day. I'll just head back home. Bye." She turns to go and walks a few steps.

Mike: "Hey, you like old movies?"

Susan: "I love old movies."

As they talk, Edie, annoyed, throws her sponge into the bucket of water by her feet and walks off into Mrs. Huber's house, where she's staying.

Edie: "I hate Susan Mayer. Every time I see those big doe eyes of hers, I swear to God, I just want to go out and shoot a deer."

Mrs. Huber's eyes light up. "What has she done this time?"

Edie: "She is out there throwing herself at Mike Delfino. Again."

Mrs. Huber: "Susan likes Mike?"

Edie: "Where the hell have you been, Martha? She's been lusting after him ever since he moved in."

Edie walks away and Mrs. Huber looks thoughtfully out the window.

Elementary School

Lynette comes running down the hallway of the twins' school, ending up at the twins' teacher, who's standing outside the classroom.

Lynette: "I got your message. What's going on?"

Ms. Butters: "The boys refuse to be separated."

Lynette: "They refuse? They're six years old. Make them."

Ms. Butters: "Well, school regulations are pretty strict about me wrestling with the boys. But if you want to give it a shot, be my guest."

Lynette: "Fine."

She walks around the teacher to go inside the classroom, and then stops and turns around.

Lynette: "Oh. Which one goes and which one stays?"

Ms. Butters: "You pick."

Lynette opens the classroom door and Ms. Butters listens from outside. Screaming and shouting can be heard from within. Ms. Butters opens up the door and peeks in.

One twin is holding onto a table while Lynette grabs him by the feet, pulling. The other twin is on the other side of the table, trying to prevent Lynette from pulling it.

Ms. Butters smiles. "Ooh!"

Gabrielle's Bathroom

Gabrielle and John are in a bubble bath together. She squeezes some water over his back with a washcloth.

Gabrielle: "I love taking baths. Especially with you. It's like taking a vacation from the world."

John: "I hated taking baths when I was a kid. Course back then, the only thing I had to play with was my rubber ducky."

He leans back, turning slightly, and he leans in to kiss her. Right before they can, the doorbell rings and John gets nervous.

John: "Who's that?" He gets out of the tub and begins putting on his clothes. "It's Mr. Solis."

Gabrielle: "Relax! Carlos is at work. And he doesn't ring the doorbell."

She gets out more casually and puts on a bathrobe. She looks out the window and calls to John.

Gabrielle: "It's the cable guy. He's three hours late. Use the side entrance."

John finishes getting dressed quickly and rushes out the door.

"Gabrielle knew her vacation from the world had ended. What she didn't know was John had left behind a souvenir."

Underneath the bed, a lone sock of John's lies there.

Bree's Home

Danielle and Andrew come home.

Danielle: "I'm telling you. Dad didn't come home last night. They had a fight. A bad one."

Andrew: "How bad?"

Danielle: "Like, divorce court bad."

They hear Bree humming and through a small opening into the dining room, see her setting up dinner candles.

Danielle: "Listen to her. She always overcompensates when she's worried."

Andrew: "Dad moves out and leaves us with her...I'll lose my mind."

Bree opens the door from the dining room, smiling.

Bree: "Dinner is on the table."

Andrew: "Mom, where'd dad go last night?"

Bree: "He got a last minute call to speak at a medical conference in Philadelphia. Take your seats."

On the table is a huge fancy meal, with a freshly-cooked turkey in the middle of the table.

Danielle: "This marriage is so over."

Andrew nods. He then turns and walks out the front door.

Bree: "Andrew?"

He slams out of the door.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle begins putting away the remnants of her bubble bath as the cable guy is there.

The Cable Guy: "Again, sorry I was late. The schedule overbooked me."

Gabrielle: "How long are you going to be?"

The Cable Guy: "Almost done. What is that scent? Is that sage and citrus?" He looks at the candle she's holding in her hands. "It's amazing."

Gabrielle: "Try to hurry. I have stuff to do."

He walks over to the wall and pulls on a cable cord, yanking at it. He suddenly loses his balance and falls on his back, having slipped on the bubble bath.

Gabrielle is shocked.

Later, the cable guy is strapped to a gurney by paramedics as Gabrielle watches. Carlos comes up to her.

Carlos: "What's happening?"

Gabrielle: "The cable guy fell. He hit his head on the tub. He may have a concussion."

Carlos: "It's almost eight."

Gabrielle: "He was late."

She walks out with Carlos looking at her. He sniffs and looks at the lit candles around the bathtub and the bubble bath in the tub.

Susan's House

Susan opens her front door to find Mrs. Huber standing there with a pie in her hands.

Susan: "Mrs. Huber!"

Mrs. Huber: "Hello, Susan. I made you a pie."

Susan: "Oh. Wow. Why?"

Mrs. Huber: "Do I need a motive to do something nice?"

Susan shrugs.

In Susan's kitchen, Mrs. Huber is delicately cutting the pie.

Mrs. Huber: "I can't wait for you to try this. It's mincemeat."

Susan: "Actually, I just had dinner."

Mrs. Huber: "That's okay. You can save it for later."

She licks some off of her fingers and chuckles to herself.

Susan: "What's so funny?"

Mrs. Huber: "I was just thinking of that expression: I'll make mincemeat out of you. Mincemeat. It used to be an entree made up of mostly chopped meat, so it was like saying 'I'll chop you up into little bits.'" She chuckles. "But that was centuries ago. Today, mincemeat is mostly made up of fruit, spices, and rum. There's no meat in it. And still people say I'll make mincemeat out of you."

Susan: "I don't know that people really say that anymore."

Mrs. Huber: "I do. So, Susan. How are you?"

Susan: "I'm fine."

Mrs. Huber: "Good. You know, I have a confession to make. I've always wished I'd have been more supportive when Carl left you."

Susan: "Oh, you don't have to apologize about Carl. Really, Carl and I are over. I've moved on."

Mrs. Huber: "Yes, I know. You've moved on to that nice Mike Delfino. He's quite a catch, isn't he? You like him don't you?"

Susan: "Uh, sure. As a friend."

Mrs. Huber: "Oh, Susan. Being coy is a strategy best employed by virgins at their first dance. For women of our age, it's just annoying. Are you sure you don't want pie?"

Susan: "No, thank you."

Mrs. Huber: I" hope it works out with you and Mike. You've been so desperate to land him."

Susan: "I am not desperate."

Mrs. Huber: "Oh, good Lord, Susan. You burned your rival's house down. If that isn't desperate, I don't know what is."

Susan: "Mrs. Huber, with all due respect, you're crazy."

Mrs. Huber puts down the knife she had been using to transfer the pie to a plate and reaches into her purse, pulling out the charred measuring cup she found in the ruins of Edie's burnt house.

She places it on the table in front of Susan.

Susan: "What's that?"

Mrs. Huber: "I think you recognize it. I found it in the ruins of Edie's home."

Susan: "Well, that's not ---"

Mrs. Huber: "Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. My point is this. I wasn't there for you when Carl left, but I'm here for you now. As far as I'm concerned, this is our secret. And no one ever need know. Oh, Susan. You don't know how good it feels to finally be able to help you. You look so pale. Now. I insist you try some of my pie."

She puts some on a fork and brings it near Susan, who automatically opens her mouth for Mrs. Huber to insert the pie.

Mrs. Huber: "Go on. Did I mention it's mincemeat?"

Susan swallows the pie with an audible gulp.

Bree's House

Bree stands in front of her son's door and knocks on it.

Bree: "Open the door, please."

Andrew: "Hang on."

He opens it.

Andrew: "What?"

Bree: "May I come in?"

Andrew: "No."

Bree: "Well, I want to talk to you."

Andrew: "Then, talk."

Bree: "Where were you last night?"

Andrew: "Brian's."

Bree: "I just spoke to Brian's mother. Now tell me again where you were last night and this time don't lie to me."

Andrew: "Where'd you say Dad was again? In Philadelphia?"

Bree: "Andrew, don't change the subject."

Andrew: "I'm sorry. I thought the subject was telling lies. I called Dad's cell phone. I know he moved out."

Bree: "Well, it's just temporary and...I thought it would upset you, so I was protecting you."

Andrew: "Whatever. You lied, so stop pretending like you have some sort of moral authority."

Bree: "Andrew, just because I chose not to share my marital problems with you does not give you the right to be rude."

Andrew: "How about driving my father away? Do I get to be rude then?"

He shuts the door in her face.

Gabrielle's House

Carlos is getting dressed in the bedroom by the bed while Gabrielle is in the bathroom.

He drops his tie clip and gets on his hands and knees to look for it. While on the floor, he sees John's sock underneath the bed. He picks it up and stands up. As he looks at it, Gabrielle notices and quickly walks away to the laundry basket, where she grabs some clothing and rushes downstairs. She heads to the washer and throws the clothing there and rushes back.

Carlos meets her at the edge of the stairs, looking suspicious.

Gabrielle: "Hi."

Carlos: "What's this?"

Gabrielle: "It's a sock."

Carlos: "It's a man's sock. I found it under our bed. It's not mine."

Gabrielle: "Oh, for God's sake, Carlos. It's Yoa Ling's.

Carlos: "Our maid wears size 13 gym socks?"

Gabrielle: "No, she dusts with them."

Carlos doesn't look convinced, so Gabrielle gestures for him to follow her and then grabs his hand, pulling him with her.

She goes to the laundry closet and opens it up, where she threw the clothing before.

Gabrielle: "See? Socks instead of rags."

Carlos walks away and Gabrielle closes the laundry closet and leans against it, closing her eyes.


Grocery Store

Susan begins putting her groceries on the conveyer belt.

Mrs. Huber walks up behind her.

Mrs. Huber: "Susan! Hello!"

Susan: "Mrs. Huber."

Mrs. Huber: "Did you and Mike come together? I saw him in the fresh produce aisle."

Susan: "No, like I told you before, we're just friends. By the way, if I didn't make it clear yesterday, I absolutely did not do that thing you accused me of."

Mike comes up.

Mike: "Hey, Susan! Hey, Ms. Huber."

Mrs. Huber: "Nice to see you, Mike."

She walks out of the way.

Mike: "Hey. You like Alfred Hitchcock? They're doing a retrospective down at the Realto."

Susan looks over at Mrs. Huber, who gives her a knowing look.

Susan: "Uh, I'm not really a fan."

Mike: "Oh, c'mon. How can you not like Hitchcock?"

Susan: "I just, uh, don't."

Mike: "Oh. Okay. Well, uh, nice to see you. You, too, Ms. Huber."

He walks away.

Mrs. Huber: "You're so silly. Pretending not to like him on my account, I mean, really."

Susan: "Will you just drop it?"

Mrs. Huber: "You shouldn't be rude to me. Your secret is not an easy burden to bear. That insurance company is putting Edie through hell, and still I've said nothing."

Susan: "Well -"

Mrs. Huber: "The longer it takes for her to get payment, the longer she'll be staying with me, eating me out of house and home, using up my hot water."

Susan: "What exactly is it you want from me, Mrs. Huber?"

Mrs. Huber removes the plastic rod separating their grocery items in the checkout lane.

The checkout girl asks them, "Are these together?"

After a long pause, Susan says, "Ring it up."

Mrs. Huber smiles and begins putting her full load of groceries on the belt.

Lynette's House

Bree's sits at the kitchen table as Lynette pours her a cup of coffee.

Bree: "If the school and the pediatrician both think the twins could stand to be medicated, then what's the problem?"

Lynette: "I used to run a company with eighty-five people and now I can't wrangle three some boys without doping them? Talk about feeling like a failure."

Bree: "Lynette, you are a great mother, but let's face it. Your kids are...a challenge."

Lynette: "Thank you. That's the nicest way you could have said that. You know, the truth is, when they're not making me want to tear my hair out, they're actually really sweet. I'm afraid if I change the bad stuff, I'm gonna change the good stuff."

Bree: "It's a tough call."

Lynette: "Like this mug. I love this mug. If I medicate them, are they still gonna make me a mug like this?"

Bree: "You know, it's leaking."

Lynette: "Yeah. I know."

Susan and Gabrielle walk in.

Susan: "We talked to Paul. We told him we need to show him something."

Gabrielle: "He's on his way over."

Later

Susan: "So Paul, we noticed that you're selling the house."

Paul: "Yes. Too many painful memories. I'm sure you understand."

Susan: "Well, before you move, we thought there was something you should know."

Lynette: "It seems there may be more to Mary Alice's death than you were aware of."

Paul: "Oh?"

Gabrielle: "Remember when you asked us to pack her things? Well, when we did, we found a note."

Bree: "And we think that you should have it."

Susan: "You can see from the postmark, Mary Alice probably got it the day she died."

Susan passes over the note and Paul opens it and reads it. Suddenly, he breaks down, crying. The women don't know what to do.

Susan: "Paul, are you going to be okay?"

Paul: "No."

He gets up and leaves, taking the note with him.

Gabrielle's House

Carlos comes down the stairs, and notices Yoa Ling cleaning the banister with a sock. He looks over at Gabrielle doing her yoga then turns back to Yoa Ling.

Carlos: "Have you always cleaned with socks?"

Gabrielle looks over from where she's doing her yoga.

Yoa: "Yes."

Carlos: "What, is that a Japanese thing?"

Yoa: "I am Chinese."

Carlos leaves. Gabrielle goes up the stairs.

Yoa: "I don't like lying."

Gabrielle: "Yeah? Well, I don't like your ironing. So there."

Soccer Field

John notices Gabrielle standing behind a tree. She motions him over.

John: "Mrs. Solis. What are you doing here?"

Gabrielle takes the sock out of her purse. "Carlos found this under the bed."

John: "Oh, crap."

Gabrielle: "It's okay. It was a close call, but I managed to cover. I got you these [she pulls sandals out of her bag]. So from now on, we can't let Carlos see you around the house wearing anything resembling a gym sock."

John: "You want me to mow your lawn in sandals? I could lose a toe."

Gabrielle: "Imagine what you could lose if Carlos finds out you're trimming more than the hedges."

She peeks around him to see some of John's teammates watching them.

Gabrielle: "Why are your friends staring at me? Did you tell them about us?"

John: "No! They're staring because they think you're hot."

Gabrielle: "Oh! Okay!"

She waves at them, then walks off.

Bree's House

Bree: "It's 9:30. What is your brother thinking?"

Danielle: "Want my advice? Call dad. Go tell him to kick Andrew's ass."

Bree: "I am perfectly capable of handling this without your father."

Danielle: "Sorry."

Bree: "Where's your cell phone? Call Andrew and find out where he is."

Danielle: "Mom, he's gonna know you're behind this."

Bree: "No, he won't. Just act normal."

Danielle calls.

Danielle: "Hey. It's me. Uh, what's going on?" She holds out the phone to Bree. "He knows."

Bree throws down the sponge she was cleaning with and takes the phone.

Bree: "Andrew. This is your mother. I am rapidly reaching the end of my patience with you. Where are you? Are you at a bar? Andrew! Andrew?"

Danielle: "Mom?"

Bree: "He hung up on me!"

Danielle: "What are you going to do?"

Bree stalks off to Andrews room. She tears down the "Keep Out" sign on the front of his door and tries the doorknob. It's locked. She kicks in the door and storms in.

She looks around and begins going through his clothing and bags. In a drawer, she finds a small box, inside of which is a box of matches to a place called "Topsy Turvey."

Topsy Turvey

Strippers are swinging around poles while men watch. A waitress places a beer in front of Andrew and his two friends.

The woman dancing on stage tosses an article of clothing out to the audience, and Bree catches it. Andrew's friend turns and sees Bree, choking on his drink.

Bree: "Keith. Ian. Andrew."

Andrew: "Mom, how did you even know I was here?"

Bree shows him the matchbook.

Andrew: "You went in my room?"

Bree: "You think that's bad? Tomorrow morning I'm cleaning it. Oh, by the way, Keith. I didn't get a chance to tell you. That was a lovely solo last week at church."

Keith: "Thank you. We're out of here."

Keith and Ian leave.

Bree: "I hope it wasn't something I said. Well, Andrew? Shall we?"

Andrew: "You just humiliated me in front of my friends. I'm not going anywhere with you."

Bree: "Fine."

She sits down.

Andrew: "What are you doing?"

Bree: "I'm staying for the show. I'm dying to see what all the fuss is about. Excuse me, waitress? I'll have a glass of your house chardonnay. I'm curious, Andrew. As you fantasize about this woman, do you ever stop and think how she came to be on this runway? That's someone's little girl. And that someone probably had a lot of dreams for her. Dreams that did not include a thong and a pole."

Andrew: "It's not gonna work. Okay? I'm not budging."

Bree: "God only knows what she's had to deal with in her life. Abject poverty, drugs, domestic violence, maybe even molestation!"

Andrew: "Mom!"

Bree: "And now, she treats herself like other men treat her. Like an object. A piece of meat."

The man next to Bree looks exasperated.

Man: "That does it. Kid, get her out of here. She's killing it for the rest of us."

Andrew gets up and Bree follows. The man raises his glass to them leaving.

Susan's phone rings and she lets the machine get it.

Mrs. Huber: "It's Mrs. Huber, Susan. Are you there? I can see your lights are on. I hope you're not screening, that's so tacky. Listen, I need to talk to you. My water heater just burst and it's gonna cost me $600 to get a new one. And I can't afford that. I'm just beside myself. Call me as soon as you get in."

Susan sits down, disbelieving.

She goes into Julie's room, where she's sleeping. She turns on the light and sits on the bed.

Susan: "Julie? Julie, honey, wake up. We need to talk."

Julie: "Can't this wait until morning?"

Susan: "I think I'm being blackmailed."

In their kitchen, Julie drinks from a mug as Susan paces.

Susan: "And when I realized I couldn't put out the fire, I ran. I must have dropped the measuring cup in the process."

Julie: "Why do I even let you out of the house?"

Susan: "Obviously, I can't let her get away with this. The only thing to do is go to the police and tell them what happened."

Julie: "You can't do that!"

Susan: "Julie, I don't think they'll throw me in jail. I mean, it was an accident."

Julie: "Dad won't care if it was an accident. You know he'll just use this as an excuse to reopen custody. Mom, I don't want to live with dad."

Susan: "I know."

She hugs Julie.

Outside Gabrielle's House

John mows the lawn wearing the sandals. Carlos comes up to him, motioning for him to turn off the lawn mower.

Carlos: "I need to talk to you."

John: "Cool. Sure."

Carlos: "You worked on Tuesday, right?"

John: "Yeah."

Carlos: "You remember the cable guy showing up? And you usually work until what time, five?"

John: "Yeah."

Carlos: "That means he was in the house for four hours."

John: "Wait, um, you know, now that I think about it, I might not have seen him."

Carlos: "Well, either you saw him or you didn't. Which is it?"

John: "I didn't."

Carlos: "John? Did my wife ask you to lie for her?"

John: "Mr. Solis, uh, I really don't want to get in the middle of anything."

Carlos: "Thank you. It's all I needed to know."

John sighs.

Susan's Kitchen

Susan: "Okay, let's run through it one more time."

Julie: "Mom, it's not brain surgery. You'll stand guard while I crawl through Mrs. Huber's doggy door. Once inside, I'll find the measuring cup. Simple."

Susan: "Oh, god. I hate that I'm turning you into a little thief."

Julie: "It's our measuring cup. We're just taking back what's ours."

Susan: "Hey, that's right. Ethically, we have nothing to be ashamed about. Oh, wear these. [she picks up rubber gloves] I don't want you to leave fingerprints."

Outside

Julie and Susan watch from behind a tree as Mrs. Huber drives away.

Susan: "There she goes. Okay, move."

They run out on the street, tossing a Frisbee between the two of them.

Susan: "Oh, so glad we're playing Frisbee again. Here you go. Coming at ya. Ha ha ha. All right. Back up a little more. There you go. Whoo! All right. Here we go."

She tosses the Frisbee over Mrs. Huber's roof into the backyard.

Susan: "Oh, my! Whoops! You better go get that. Yeah."

Julie runs into the backyard while Susan waits.

Mike comes jogging up.

Susan: "Mike!"

Mike: "Hey, Susan, I thought that was you."

Susan: "Uh, yeah, Julie and I are just out tossing the Frisbee around and it flew off into Mrs. Huber's back yard."

Mike: "Oh, you need some help?"

Susan: "No, no, no, no. Julie's got it."

Mike: "Okay. Actually, I'm glad I ran into you. I just wanted to make sure things were okay between us. the other day, you seemed kind of distance."

Susan is distracted and not paying full attention as she looks at Mrs. Huber's house.

Susan: "Distant? What do you mean?"

Mike: I mean, you're not mad at me for some reason are you?"

Susan: "No! No, no, not at all."

Mike: "Good. Cause I'm gonna take one more shot at this. I've got tickets to a Billy Wilder retrospective Wednesday night. I'd love to take you with me."

Susan: "You are so sweet. I would love to go."

Mike: "All right!"

Edie pulls up in her car.

Susan: "Edie! I thought you'd be at work."

Edie: "I'm not feeling well. I got a sunburn the other day washing my car."

Susan: "Well, don't just run off. Come and hang out with us."

Edie: "Boy, you are one sick ticket."

Susan: "What?"

Edie: "It's not bad enough I have to watch you throw yourself at him every day? And now you want to make sure that I see it up close and personal?"

Susan: "No, it's not like that."

Mike: "I've gotta take off. But I'll call you about Wednesday night, okay?"

Edie rolls her eyes and turns back to the house.

Susan: "Edie, wait! Uh... Mike and I were gonna go see the movies on Wednesday and I just thought it would be fun if you'd join us."

Edie: "You want me to come with you."

Susan: "Yeah. Yeah, that's okay, isn't it Mike?"

Mike: "Well, it's uh, a limited engagement and it's sold out. I only got two tickets."

Edie looks annoyed and walks toward her front door again.

Susan: "Edie, wait! Um, you should take my ticket."

She smiles and looks at Mike.

Edie: "Really? Is that okay with you, Mike?"

Mike: "Uh, yeah, sure."

Edie: "So, um, what time do you want to pick me up?"

Mike: "Well, um..."

As they talk, Susan looks off to the side, where Julie emerges quietly. She has the measuring cup hidden behind the Frisbee she's holding.

Susan breathes a sigh of relief as Julie walks off.

Cable Guy's House

The cable guy is in his living room, wearing an arm sling and a neck brace. Someone knocks on the door.

He calls out, "Hang on."

He opens the door. It's Carlos, who punches him immediately. The cable guy falls on the floor and Carlos kicks him.

Carlos: "You think you can have sex with anyone you want? Huh?"

"Carlos couldn't help but feel proud of himself. After all, he just defended his honor. Or had he?"

Carlos looks around, noticing on the wall a poster for the Broadway show, "Gypsy," framed pictures of half-naked men and, on the coffee table, a framed picture of the cable guy in the arms of another man.

Carlos: "Are you gay?"

The Cable Guy: "Yes. Is that why you're doing this?"

Carlos: "Uh, yeah."

Carlos leaves, slamming the door behind him.

Lynette and Gabrielle are coming slowly down the sidewalk from Lynette's house when Paul stops them.

Paul: "Ladies."

Lynette: "Hey, Paul. What's up?"

Paul: "I wanted to apologize for my outburst yesterday."

Lynette: "Don't worry about it. We unloaded a lot on you."

Paul: "I suppose you're wondering why I reacted so violently to that note."

Gabrielle: "It did cross our minds."

Paul: "Well, the truth is, Mary Alice was not a well person. She was very troubled."

Lynette: "Troubled?"

Paul: "At first, it was harmless. She would leave herself notes. Reminders like pick up the milk, or Zach has a dentist appointment. But over time, the notes became ugly. Hateful messages began showing up. Mary Alice was writing them, to me, to Zach, to herself."

Gabrielle: "Really?"

Paul: "That's why I lost it. I was reminded of what Zach and I had been through."

Lynette: "Paul, I'm so sorry."

Gabrielle: "We had no idea."

Lynette: "No."

Paul: "Well, anyway. I'd appreciate it if you kept it to yourselves."

Lynette: "Yeah."

Paul: "For Zach's sake."

Lynette: "Of course. Of course."

He walks off.

Gabrielle: "Wow."

Lynette: "Yeah."

Gabrielle: "I think he's lying."

Lynette: "So do I."

Lynette's House

Focus on various framed newspaper articles. The headlines read: "Scavo Promoted to Vice President," "What's Next for Whiz Kid Lynette Scavo?" and "Scavo Awarded Woman of the Year."

Lynette is looking at them as she hears her twins playing. They run around the house with toy airplanes.

Lynette gets up and calls the boys into the kitchen. One of the twins complains that the other broke his plane. The other twin denies it.

Lynette: "We'll talk about that later. Right now, I need you to take some medicine."

Twin: "Are we sick?"

Lynette: "Not exactly. This is a special kind of medicine. It's, it's like a vitamin and you'll take it everyday, okay?"

She tries to open the vial of pills and they spill out everywhere. She tells the boys to stay right there and she bends down to pick them up. When she straightens, they're gone. She hears giggling, and looks underneath the table, where the boys are sitting there.

Lynette: "Now open up."

Twin: "Mmm mm."

Lynette: "Here you -- guys!"

She holds the pill out in front of each of the boys' mouths, but they refuse to take it.

She gives up and smiles.

"In that moment, Lynette made a decision. When it came to dealing with her children, medication was no longer an option."

Lynette puts the pills back in the vial and hugs the boys.

Later, as she watches them jump from the couch onto a pile of pillows, she sits at the table, drinking from a bottle of wine.

"Of course, given her continuing level of frustration, Lynette also felt a little self medication couldn't hurt."

Bree's House - Andrew's Room

Bree is cleaning Andrew's room while he lies on his bed.

Bree: "So what's your strategy? You're just never gonna speak to me again?"

Andrew: "Something like that."

Bree: "I suppose I do owe you an apology."

Andrew: "Careful. I wouldn't want you to strain yourself."

Bree: "I shouldn't have lied to you about your father. You and sister are old enough to handle the truth and I'm sorry."

Andrew: "Keep going. I'm mad at you for about seven thousand other things."

Bree: "If you think I'm going to apologize for taking you out of a strip club, you're wrong. I consider it one of my finest moments."

He snorts.

Bree: "Oh, Andrew. I know you blame me for what's happening with your father, but it's not entirely my fault and I need you to understand that."

Andrew: "I do. I just don't want him to leave."

Bree: "Neither do I."

Andrew: "Mom?"

Bree: "Yeah."

Andrew: "When can I have my door back."

Bree: "Three months."

He groans.

Gabrielle's Bathroom

On the TV, a news reporter stands in front of the cable guy's house. The headline on the screen reads: "Gay Rights Advocate Victim of Hate Crime"

Reporter: "Royal Oaks was the scene of a hate crime today when Jonathan Lithgow, local gay activist and part-time female impersonator was brutally attacked in his home. Lithgow speculated the attack was in response to his efforts to secure same-sex partner insurance coverage from his employer, Clifside Cable.

Carlos and Gabrielle are in a bubble bath together, watching the news. As Carlos plays with her hair, Gabrielle begins to get suspicious.

Reporter: "Police are circulating this sketch of the assailant."

The Cable Guy: "I have to say uh, you know, circumstances speak for themselves. I've taken a strong stance with my company."

As he talks, Gabrielle looks shocked.

Carlos: "Is there something you want to ask me?"

Gabrielle: "No."

Outside, nighttime

That evening, Mrs. Huber walks up to Susan, who's sitting on her own front porch.

Mrs. Huber: "You took it, didn't you?"

Susan: "Good evening, Mrs. Huber."

Mrs. Huber: "It's my own fault for not hiding the cup. Obviously, if you're capable of arson, I should have known you'd be capable of breaking and entering."

Susan: "I don't know what you're talking about Mrs. Huber."

Mrs. Huber: "I suppose you destroyed it."

Susan: "Again, I don't know what you're talking about, but yeah. I did."

Mrs. Huber: "I was going to keep your secret. It's a shame you couldn't trust me."

Susan: "You're a piece of work. You know that?"

Mrs. Huber: "Oh, Susan. Let's not be unpleasant. We can go back to the same friendly relationship we've always had."

Susan: "I will keep my lawn looking nice. And I will make sure that my music isn't played too loud, and if I get some of your mail, heck, I'll run it right over. Cause that's what good neighbors do. But from now on, when I run into you in the street and I say good morning, Mrs. Huber, or how are you, Mrs. Huber, just know, that inside, I am quietly, but decidedly hating your guts."

Mrs. Huber: "Careful, dear. Let's not say things we'll live to regret."

Susan: "Good evening, Mrs. Huber."

Mrs. Huber turns and leaves with Susan watching.

The four woman are seated around a table.

Susan: "He actually said Mary Alice was crazy?"

Lynette: "Not in so many words. But everything Paul said certainly made it seem like she was schizophrenic."

Gabrielle: "I think he's hiding something. I know it."

Bree: "Wait. What about the tape? I mean, she did say that her name was Angela."

Lynette: "Mary Alice was not crazy."

Bree: "Well, my father was a prosecutor and he always said that the simplest explanation was usually the right one."

Susan: "But remember what the note said? I know what you did. It makes me sick and I'm going to tell. That's not the kind of thing someone writes to themselves. It's a message. Sent by an enemy."

Paul's House

In a darkened house, a detective sits at a table and looks at the note that Paul had. Paul walks slowly to the window to look out.

Detective: "So, exactly what is it you hired me to do?"

Paul: "It's very simple, really. Someone sent that note to my wife. And I need to know who."

"What type of person would send such a note? Was it an enemy? Of course. But what kind? An acquaintance? A stranger? Or how about a neighbor that lives a few feet away."

Mary Alice begins speaking as the camera pans over to Gabrielle and Carlos's house, and then inside the house, where the two of them and Mama Solis eat breakfast.

"Suburbia is a battleground, an arena for all forms of domestic combat. Husbands clash with wives, parents cross swords with children, but the bloodiest battles often involve women and their mothers-in-law.

The war for control of Carlos began the night he proposed, and Gabrielle had been losing ground to Juanita ever since. From the prenuptial agreement which she reluctantly signed, to the selection of wedding music she despised, the color of the house paint she hadn't wanted ... Gabrielle had suffered one defeat after another.

And now that Juanita suspected her daughter-in-law of having an affair, it had became increasintly apparent that in this war..."

Yoa Lin: "Mrs. Solis, I'll be at the market."

"...no prisoners would be taken."

Gabrielle: "Thank you, Yoa Lin."

Mama Solis: "I don't see why you have her."

Gabrielle: "It's a big house. I need help."

Mama Solis: "It's only called help when you do some of the work yourself."

Gabrielle: "I supervise."

Mama Solis: "You pay her $300 a week. That's $15,000 a year. Carlos, you always say how you're not putting away enough for retirement!"

Carlos: "You know, baby, it would be a good idea if we cut back on expenses."

Gabrielle: "You expect me to take care of this place all by myself?"

Carlos: "Other women manage..."

He gets up from the table and Gabrielle looks at Mama Solis, who smiles triumphantly.

Gabrielle's Bedroom

Carlos lies on the bed, reading, when Gabrielle glides into the room in a revealing outfit of bra and underwear. She clears her throat, crawls on the bed, and straddles Carlos. She kisses him, and then sighs.

Carlos: "Mmmm... that's nice.."

Gabrielle: "You like that?"

Carlos: "Oh yeah."

Gabrielle: "God, I'm gonna miss this, Carlos."

Carlos: "What do you mean?"

Gabrielle: "Well, since, I'm gonna have to be doing the cooking, and the cleaning, and all the shopping, like the other wives..."

Carlos: "Mmm hmm..."

Gabrielle: "...I'm going to be exhausted at night--just like all the other wives ... till I build up my stamina, of course, but that might take a couple years..."

She kisses Carlos down his body as he frowns.

The Next Morning

"Sadly for Juanita, she had ignored the first rule of war..."

Carlos comes down the stairs.

Mama Solis: "Good morning, Carlos."

Carlos (emphatically): "The maid stays."

He leaves.

"Never underestimate your enemy!"

Mama Solis looks up to the staircase where Gabrielle stands, triumphant.

Outside of Paul Young's House; Yard Sale

"Of the many suburban rituals, none is quite so cherished as the neighborhood yard sale. The shoppers come to sift through the discarded belongings of someone they don't really know, in hopes of finding bargains they don't really need, each so determined to save a few pennies, they often miss hidden treasures..."

Paul puts things in a box and closes the top, revealing that the box is labeled "Baby Stuff."

Susan walks up to him.

Susan: "Hey, Paul."

Paul: "Hi, Susan."

Susan: "I got to say, I was a little surprised to see Mary Alice's award for sale. She got it for doing charity work, from the Chamber of Commerce.:"

Paul: "Zach and I are moving. We don't need to carry any more with us than is absolutely necessary."

Susan: "That makes sense. Still, I just want to make sure you din't want to keep it, for Zach, something to remember his mother by."

Paul: "Zach doesn't need a piece of glass to remember his mother. I'm out of newspaper." He picks up a yellow/green blanket to wrap the glass. "Here, let's call it ten bucks for everything."

Susan: "Great. Speaking of Zach, I haven't seen him around lately."

Paul: "He's been a bit depressed. I thought he could use a change of scenery, so I sent him to stay with relatives."

Susan: "Oh, which ones?"

Paul: "You don't know them."

Susan: "So, how'd you get the fat lip?"

Paul: "The usual way. Asking too many questions."

Paul walks away and Susan picks up the box and walks over to where Gabrielle is.

Gabrielle: "Did you find out where Zach is?"

Susan: "No, but I can tell you this much. He's not staying with relatives."

Carlos and Mama Solis stand off in a corner. Mama Solis looks at a record album while Carlos surveys the crowd.

Carlos: "It's driving me crazy, mama. It could be any one of these guys she's having the affair with."

Mama Solis: "Don't worry about it. I'm not letting her out of my sight."

Carlos: "Now, who the hell is that? And look at the way she's touching him. You think that's the guy she's having the affair with? "

Mama Solis: "Carlos, don't be stupid. A guy she talks to in public isn't someone you're gonna worry about."

Carlos: "So it's someone that she doesn't talk to. What do I have to do? Beat up every guy in town?"

Mama Solis: "Marriage takes work!"

They walk away, passing by John, who looks after them.

Lynette, Bree, and Susan stand talking to each other. Gabrielle joins them soon after.

Lynette: "I'm not surprised that he's playing it close to the vest. Paul knows we're on to him."

Bree: "Zach said Mary Alice killed herself because of something that he had done, something bad. Is there anyone else who'd know what he was talking about?"

Susan: "No. That's why we have to find him. It's the only way we'll know the truth."

Bree: "It just doesn't make any sense. Zach is such a sweet kid. I can't imagine him doing anything that terrible."

Gabrielle: "Well, he did break into your house. I mean, the kid is obviously troubled in some way."

Bree sighs.

Silvercrest Juvenile Rehabilitation Center

Inside, Paul and a doctor stare through the window on the door of Zach's room. He sits on his bed, his head bowed as he eats from a tray of food.

Dr. Sicher: "Severe depression. Borderline personality disorder. Zach is a deeply troubled young man."

Paul: "I'm aware of that. What are you giving him?"

Dr. Sicher: "Some antidepressants and a mood stabilizer."

Paul: "Good."

Dr. Sicher: "I'm also recommending extensive psychotherapy, to help unearth any repressed -"

Paul: "I don't think so."

Dr. Sicher: "Mr. Young, I can't just medicate him indefinitely."

Paul: "Forget the Freud and stick with the drugs. No new treatments without my permission."

He walks away.

School Gym

Lynette is seated with a group of women gathered near a stage.

Ms. Truesdale: "I think this is going to be a great version of Little Red Riding Hood, and it is your involvement that make the plays here at Barcliffe Academy so special. Thank you." (clapping) "And now, I would like to turn over the next part of our meeting to our parent coordinator, the amazing Maisy Gibbons."

Maisy: "Thank you, Ms. Truesdale. Now, before everyone leaves, we have new copies of the script up here. Tilda and Francis and I went to the rehearsal yesterday, and we were a little troubled by the ending. Killing the wolf. It says the wrong message to our kids. And we believe that animals should only be euthanized as a last resort."

Lynette laughs.

Maisy: "Do you find something amusing?"

Lynette: "I'm sorry, I thought you were kidding."

Maisy: "No."

Lynette: "Oh, okay."

Maisy: "So in our version, the wolf is aggressive because he has a thorn in his paw. And the woodsman will take out the thorn, and send Mr. Wolf on his way."

Lynette: "I'm sorry, aren't we doing Little Red Riding Hood?"

Maisy: "Yes."

Lynette: "So then you are aware that the wolf is a bad guy. He eats Little Red's grandma. If you let him go, he's just going to chow down on another defenseless old lady."

Maisy: "I'm sorry, and you are?"

Lynette: "I'm Lynette Scavo. My twins just joined. They're playing oak trees."

Maisy: "Oh, of course. Lynette. Let's see, you are ... signed up to take tickets the night of the show, is that right?"

Lynette: "Yeah."

Maisy: "Well, with all due respect, let's leave the creative suggestions to the mothers who have assumed the heavy lifting, shall we?"

Lynette: "Sure. Whatever."

Bree's House

Gabrielle and Mama Solis sit at Bree's kitchen table, drinking coffee Bree pours for them.

Bree: "I must say, I'm jealous of how much time you two spend together. My mother-in-law would never want to hang out with me all day."

Gabrielle: "She sounds nice."

Danielle walks into the house with John.

Danielle: "Hey!"

Bree: "Oh, hey there, you two!"

Gabrielle: "Hi, John."

John: "Mrs. Solis."

Gabrielle: "I wasn't aware you two were friends."

John: "Yeah, we go to the same school."

Gabrielle: "Of course you do."

Danielle: "Mom, if you need anything, we'll be upstairs in my room studying."

Bree: "Have fun."

Danielle and John leave.

Gabrielle: "Doesn't it make you nervous, a boy alone upstairs with Danielle?"

Bree: "Oh no, I don't worry about John. Both he and Danielle are in the abstinence club."

Gabrielle chokes and spews out coffee.

Gabrielle: "The coffee is a little hot."

Outside Susan's House

Susan opens up her mailbox and takes out her mail. When she turns around, she sees Paul getting into his car across the street.

"Susan was infuriated by Paul's evasive answers."

Susan stares at Paul across the street.

Paul: "Hey!"

He waves at her.

"She was convinced he was deliberately hiding Zach, and hiding the truth. She hoped that finding one would lead to the other. To succeed, Susan would have to be evasive herself."

Mrs. Greenberg's House

Susan rings the doorbell of Mrs. Greenberg's house, holding a package of eggs.

Mrs. Greenberg: "Susan. Long time, no see."

Susan: "Mrs. Greenberg. Do you remember those two eggs I let you borrow last Christmas?"

She opens up her carton eggs and motions to the two empty spaces in the container.

Susan: "I need those back."

Mrs. Greenberg: "Well gosh, honey, I'm fresh out, but if you want, I could run to the store."

Susan: "Oh, forget about it, it's not that important, but since I'm here, do you still have that old hatchback sitting in your garage? Can I borrow it tomorrow?"

Mrs. Greenberg: "You want to borrow my car?"

Susan: "Just for a couple of hours."

Mrs. Greenberg: "Well, I'm not sure. Do you know how to drive a stick?"

Susan: "Yes, I think so. I learned in college. It's like riding a bike, right?"

Mrs. Greenberg: "I'm not sure, dear."

Susan: "It's not big deal. It's just for a couple of hours. I let you borrow my eggs for a whole year."

Dr. Goldfine's Office

Dr. Goldfine: "First off, I'm very pleased with the work we've done in our sessions thus far. We're making excellent progress."

Bree: "Thank you, I feel really good about it."

Dr. Goldfine: "But there are a few areas of your marriage we haven't covered yet."

Bree: "Oh, really. Like what?"

Rex: "Um, I've told Dr. Goldfine in our private sessions that I'm not happy with our sex life."

Dr. Goldfine: "And Rex feels when you two have intercourse, you're not as connected as you could be."

Bree: "Connected?"

Rex: "Well yeah, it's like you're thinking about other things. Is your hair getting messed up? Did you remember to buy the toothpaste? You're just not there."

Dr. Goldfine: "This kind of disconnect is often a symptom of a deeper problem."

Rex: "So, we were talking, and the idea of a sexual surrogate came up."

Dr. Goldfine: "This is a licensed professional who'd work with you as a couple on solving whatever sexual problems you may be having. I have an excellent referral."

Bree: "And what would this sexual surrogate person do?"

Rex: "Well, she would coach us."

Bree: "She!"

Dr. Goldfine: "She's very discrete. You'll hardly notice she's there."

Bree: "Oh. So she would be in the room with us, while we make love?"

Rex: "Yes, helping us to achieve maximum sexual potential."

Dr. Goldfine: "Do you have any questions?"

Bree: "Just one. How much longer is your midlife crisis going to last, because it is really starting to tick me off!"

She gets up and walks out.

Lynette's House

The four women are seated around the dining room table, cards in front of them. Mama Solis is sitting off to the side, knitting.

Lynette: "All right. I think everyone is down for a nap. We've got no more than an hour. Let's get cracking. Five car draw, nothing wild."

Bree: "So how is it going with Mike, Susan?"

Susan: "It's going, finally. We have our first official date next week. I think he's taking me to see a play or something."

Lynette: "Might I suggest the Barcliffe Academy production of Little Red Riding Hood?"

Susan: "Oh, that's right, the twins' stage debut!"

Gabrielle: "Are they having fun?"

Lynette: "Sure, they get to play oak trees. I'm the one who has to deal with all the drama behind the scenes."

Bree: "Oh, I take it you've met Maisy Gibbons."

Lynette: "She's a total nightmare. I guess I shouldn't have challenged her."

Bree: "Oh, dear."

Lynette: "Because now no one on the play committee even wants to talk to me."

Bree: "Oh, Maisy does love to rule her little kingdom."

Susan: "It hasn't really changed since Girl Scouts. Girls smile at you to your face, and then behind your back, they make fun of you because you're the only one not shaving your legs yet."

Gabrielle gets up and goes to the living room where chips and dip are on a platter. She takes some as the women talk.

Lynette: "That would have never happened in Boy Scouts. When I worked, mostly with men, I preferred the way they fought. A guy takes his opponent on, face to face, and once he's won, he's top dog. It's primitive, but it's fair."

Susan: "And a lot less sneaky."

Gabrielle: "Isn't it sexist of us to generalize like this?"

Gabrielle goes to the window and peeks outside, seeing John working outside across the street.

Lynette: "It's science, Gabrielle. Socialogists have documented this stuff."

Gabrielle: "Well, who am I to argue with socialogists? (pauses) Wow this, uh, this guacamole has got a kick. I'm going to run to the little girls room. You guys go ahead, I might be a while."

Lynette: "I hate playing three handed poker. Let's take a break."

Mama Solis: "I'll play!"

Bree: "You play poker?"

Mama Solis: "I used to play a little with my grandfather."

Susan: "Pull up a chair."

Mama Solis: "Oh, I notice you were just playing for chips, huh. My grandfather used to say, it's always more fun to play for money."

Lynette: "Why not? Fifty cents a bet?"

Mama Solis: "Make it a buck." She pulls a wad of cash out of her brassiere. "Three raise limit. Twenty dollar buy in."

Bathroom

Gabrielle closes the door to the bathroom and checks her appearance in the mirror. Then she opens the window and peers down. Climbing over the windowsill, she falls outside, landing with a shriek.

She looks over the fence to where John is mowing the lawn. She climbs over the fence by stepping on stacked wood, knocking them over. Once over the top of the fence, she falls. John rushes over.

John: "Mrs. Solis! What are you doing?"

Gabrielle: "Why haven't you returned any of my phone calls?"

John: "I've been busy."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, I've seen who you've been busy with."

John: "Danielle? Come on, I mean, she's just a friend."

Gabrielle: "Well, before you get any friendlier, let me remind you, I can do things to you she can't even pronounce"

John: "Well, a lot of good it does me with your mother-in-law following you around all the time. Look, maybe we should just cool it for awhile."

Gabrielle: "Oh, no, John, please don't say that. I have everything under control."

They kiss.

Gabrielle: "Now give me a boost."

He helps her climb back over the fence.

Lynette's House

Gabrielle walks back into the dining room.

Gabrielle: "Hey! So what did I miss?"

Mama Solis: "Not much, just a few friendly hands of poker with the girls."

There is a huge stack of money in front of Mama Solis as she pulls it all towards her. The other women look stunned.

Play Rehearsal

Maisy: "I'm sorry I'm late. As I'm sure you have all heard, Celia Bond broke her wrist playing tennis, which means we are now in desperate need of someone to do the costumes. I'm keeping my fingers crossed here. Are there any volunteers?"

Lynette (standing up): "I'll do it."

Maisy: "Really, that's a ... do you know how to sew?"

Lynette (sits down): "Absolutely."

Maisy: "Well, great, uh, thank you, Lynette!" (clapping)

Lynette (stands up again): "Okay. So, now that I'm going to do some, heavy lifting, I believe I have a right to talk about the changes made to the script?"

She pauses. Nobody says anything, so she rushes forward to stand next to Maisy and address the group.

Lynette: "Um, ladies. We all grew up with Little Red Riding Hood, and we survived it, scary stuff and all, so I say, to hell with political correctness, let our kids experience this classic like it was meant to be enjoyed. Let's kill the damn wolf, and just put on the best show we can." (clapping)

Maisy: "Thank you, Lynette, for that impassioned speech, but I believe that ship has sailed."

Jordana: "No, it hasn't. We still have time to change the ending back."

Ms. Truesdale: "And you know, Maisy, it is just a fairy tale - I don't think it will upset the children."

Maisy: "Well, I think you are wrong."

Lynette: "Well, that's what's so great about being in a democracy. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. Also, everyone has a right to vote. So all in favor of the woodsman going medieval on the big bad wolf's ass..."

She raises her hand. And slowly, the others follow, except for Maisy, who glares at Lynette.


Outside of Paul's House

Sitting in her borrowed car, hidden mostly from view, Susan puts on a pair of sunglasses and watches Paul get into his SUV and drive away. Then she follows him - after a lurching start.

Susan: "Oh!"

He pulls into a parking lot and gets out. Susan slows down and looks at the sign stating "Silvercrest Juvenile Rehabilitation Center."

Restaurant

Bree is sitting alone at her table when she notices Dr. Goldfine sit down at another table, also alone, with a book.

Bree takes a sip of wine, then gets up and goes to his table.

Bree: "Dr. Goldfine."

Dr. Goldfine: "Bree."

Bree: "You're dining alone?"

Dr. Goldfine: "Actually, I am."

Bree: "Well, what a coincidence. So am I. It seems a shame for us to eat by ourselves. Shall I, pull up a chair?"

Dr. Goldfine: "Bree, it's nothing personal, but I never socialize with clients."

Bree: "Oh," she pauses. "Oh, I get it. I'm so sorry, of course, it's, it's inappropriate. It's just that after what happened yesterday, there's so much I need to say because..." she pauses. "I suppose it can wait."

She walks back over to her table and sits down, taking a sip from her glass of wine. Then they take turns looking at each other. And finally he waves her to come back over and sit across from him. Bree breathes a sigh of relief and gets up to join him.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is on the phone.

Gabrielle: "No, Lynette, I'm sorry, Juanita's taking a bath. Well, how much did she win from you? Geez," She laughs. "Yeah, I guess she'll take a check. Okay. All right. Bye."

Carlos: "What was that about?"

Gabrielle: "It turns out your mother is quite the card sharp."

Carlos: "You let her play cards? How long did she play?"

Gabrielle: "Not that long, why?"

Carlos walks away from her.

"Carlos, what is it?"

Carlos: "I never told you this, but my mother had a serious gambling problem."

Gabrielle: "Was this before we were married?"

Carlos: "Yeah. It was bad. She went into debt. She dipped into her savings, started hocking jewelry..."

Gabrielle: "Honey, it was only a small neighborhood game."

Carlos: "But it doesn't take much for her to fall off the wagon. I know she seems like a very strong woman, but..."

Gabrielle: "She has a major weakness. Honey, oh," she embraces him. "It's okay. You were right to tell me this."

She smiles.

Restaurant

Dr. Goldfine. "And you understand I have to treat this as a session."

Bree: "Of course, that's fine. Shall I include the meal?"

Dr. Goldfine: "Oh no. We'll split that."

Bree writes a check for $180.00 payable to Dr. Albert Goldfine and hands it over.

Dr. Goldfine: "So, let's talk about yesterday. You think there might have been some truth in what Rex said?"

Bree: "No, I don't."

Dr. Goldfine: "Bree, you know, it's not uncommon for people experiencing sexual repression to distance themselves from the act."

Bree: "Is that how you see me? As some sort of prude who just lays there like a cold fish? I love sex."

Dr. Goldfine: "All right."

Bree: "I love everything about it. The sensations, the smells. I especially love the feel of a man. All that muscle and sinew pressed against my body. And then, when you add friction. Mmm ... The tactile sensation of running my tongue over a man's nipple ever so gently. And then there's the act itself - two bodies becoming one in that final eruption of pleasure. To be honest, the only thing I don't like about sex is the scrotum. I mean, obviously it has its practical applications, but I'm just not a fan."

Waiter: "Can I get you something?"

Dr. Goldfine: "Uh, just the check, please."

Waiter: "Sir, you haven't ordered yet."

Dr. Goldfine: "Oh."

Gabrielle's Car

Gabrielle and Mama Solis drive up to "The Torch Lake Casino."

Mama Solis: "We're not shopping?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, I thought we would stop here for lunch first. This place has the best buffet in town. All you can eat crab legs. Oh no!"

Mama Solis: "What's wrong? Let's go!" Mama is already out of the car.

Gabrielle: "I didn't realize how late it was. They're only holding the suede mini for me until two. If we stay, I'll never make it. We'll just have lunch at the mall."

Mama Solis: "Wait, uh, I'm really in the mood for crab legs. Why don't you just drop me off, and you can come back."

Gabrielle: "Well, if the mall is crowded, it might take over an hour."

Mama Solis: "It's a buffet. There's no rush!"

Mama Solis rushes inside. Gabrielle picks up her cell phone and calls somebody as she drives away.

Gabrielle: "Hi John. Motel. Ten minutes. Be there."

Play Rehearsal

Lynette (to a child in a costume): "All right. Off you go. Thanks."

Maisy: "Ooh, Lynette. I couldn't help but notice, you forgot the coonskin on that hunter's coonskin cap."

Lynette: "Oh, yeah, huh, it was a creative call. Look, I'm in the middle of a costume crisis, and if I don't take a few shortcuts, I'll never finish."

Maisy: "Well, Jordana Guist manages to get her work done. She runs the consessions, paints the sets, and still has time to take care of her three kids and a husband. Now, we can't have the students suffer just because you don't understand the concept of time management."

Lynettte: "I hardly think the kids are going to suffer without a clump of fur on their heads."

Maisy: "Okay, I'll make a creative call. We'll cut the oak trees. That forest is looking a little dense, anyway."

Lynette: "My boys are the oak trees."

Maisy: "Are they? Well, I wouldn't worry. We'll find something for them to do back stage. That's where the real action is."

Lynette: "I'll finish the costumes."

Maisy: "Well, crisis averted."

Susan's House

Julie: "You have lost your mind."

Susan: "I checked up on this Silvercrest place. It's a treatment center for troubled kids. Who's gonna notice one more? I create the distraction. You blend in and find Zach."

Julie: "How am I supposed to blend in with a bunch of messed up teenagers?"

Susan: "I don't know, Julie. You pretend to be bulemic. Gag a little. Come on, work with me here!"

Julie: "Mom, when this is over, we need to talk about your parenting skills."

Susan: "Okay, fine, if you don't want to help me, I'm not going to force you."

Julie: "It's not that I don't want to, it's just, why does this mean so much to you?"

Susan: "Because Mary Alice was a wonderful person, and now all anybody thinks about her is that she went off the deep end and did this terrible selfish thing, and I think there is more to it than that. She was my friend, Julie, and I owe it to her to find out the truth."

Outside of the Casino

Mama Solis is sitting on a park bench, as stoic as the large wooden Indian statue next to her as Gabrielle pulls up in her car.

Gabrielle: "Juanita, what's wrong?"

Mama Solis doesn't say anything. Gabrielle puts the car in park and goes over to sit by her mother-in-law.

Gabrielle: "Juanita!"

Mama Solis: "I didn't go to the buffet. I went gambling instead, and I lost."

Gabrielle: "Well, how much did you have on you? It couldn't have been much."

Mama Solis: "I used Carlos' credit card."

Gabrielle: "Okay, well, how much did you charge?"

Mama Solis: "I don't know, it stopped working."

Gabrielle: "What do you mean, it stopped working. That thing has, like, a $15,000 credit limit."

They both look at each other with shocked expressions.

Gabrielle: "Oh."

Hotel Room

Rex takes a bite of food, standing up, when there's a knock on the door. Rex, with food in hand, walks over to open it. Outside the door is Bree, covered in a full-length fur coat.

Bree: "The man at the desk said there were no vacant rooms. Mind if I bunk with you?"

Rex: "Bree, what are you doing here?"

Bree: "It's a little chilly out here, do you mind if we discuss this inside?"

Rex: "C'mon in."

Rex moves aside and Bree walks in.

Bree: "It sure is nice and toasty in here."

She unwraps the fur, revealing that she is only wearing a lacy red bra and panties.

Rex: "You look amazing."

Bree: "Thanks. I was hoping you'd notice." She walks around. "Well, it certainly isn't the Ritz, but it has all the essentials."

She gets on the bed and Rex tosses the burrito on the nightstand and joins her on the bed.

Rex: "I don't know what to say."

Bree: "Then perhaps you shouldn't say anything."

They begin kissing passionately, with Rex on top. He yanks his shirt off, down to his white undershirt and kisses her down his body.

Bree looks over and sees the burrito about to spill from the dresser to the floor.

Bree: "Oh Rex, oh baby, stop, I just need a minute."

Rex: "Oh, sweetie. Just leave it. Just leave it!"

Bree tries to take his advice, but her eyes keep going back to the burrito, about to fall. Suddenly, she reaches over and saves the burrito from the spill. She turns to him, and runs her hand over him.

Bree: "Okay, baby, where were we?"

Rex gets up angrily: "I told you to leave it."

Bree: "Sorry. I just - ah, come on, are you going to make a big deal about this?"

Rex: "You know, to tell you the truth..."

He walks over and opens up the door.

Rex: "...now is not really a good time for me."

Bree (angrily): "Well it's obvious you've never had to remove a cheese stain. Hmph!"

She leaves.

Play Rehearsal

Lynette and Jordana are the only ones left in the gym. Lynette is on the phone as she sews costumes.

Lynette: "Bree, I totally understand. Yeah, I already tried Susan. And Gabby can't sew to save her life but seriously, I'm going to be fine. But thanks anyway. Bye!"

Jordana: "Well, I'm a little ahead with my painting Do you need some help?"

Lynette: "Oh Jordana, you are really a lifesaver, thank you. Here, these pieces need trim."

Jordana: "I'll help for as long as I can, but I have a lot on my plate tonight. I have to make twenty-five mini quiches for my book club."

Lynette: "You're not human, are you! You were sent by aliens to make the human race feel inadequate."

They laugh.

Lynette: "Seriously, how, how do you cram it all in?"

Jordana: "Can you keep a secret?"

Lynette: "Um, sure."

Jordana gets a bottle of pills from her purse.

Lynette: "That's ADD medication. My kids take this, or they almost did. I thought it was supposed to calm you down?"

Jordana: "Um, it has the opposite effect if you don't have attention deficit disorder. Ever chug a pot of turkish coffee?"

Lynette: "Seriously, you're taking your kids medication?"

Jordana: "Once in a while. Do you want a couple?"

Lynette: "Oh, that's very kind of you, but I just smoked some crack a little while ago, so I better not mix."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle: "This is what we'll do. I'll sell some old jewelry, pay off the credit card, and Carlos will never find out!"

Mama Solis: "You would do that for me?"

Gabrielle: "Of course I would, why wouldn't I?"

Mama Solis: "Well, for starters, you hate me."

Gabrielle: "Oh, that is overstating it ... a little. The bottom line is, no matter how much I dislike you, I love Carlos more. If Carlos finds out about the money, he'll be devastated. I don't want to see him hurt. You don't have to believe I'm a good person, but at least believe I care about my husband."

Mama Solis just stares at her.

Gabrielle: "Fine, to heck with it. I'm not gonna risk my neck to protect you. I'm calling Carlos."

"Juanita might have been the gambler of the family."

Mama Solis: "Wait, I believe you."

"But Gabrielle was the one who knew how to bluff."

Silvercrest Juvenile Rehabilitation Center

Susan and Julie start to walk into the Center. A nurse, sitting at a desk with her back to them, is working. Susan motions for Julie to stay back, and then walks up to the nurse.

Susan: "Hi, I'm Susan Mayer. I have an appointment to see Dr. Sicher."

Nurse: "Yes, yes, he's expecting you, let me get him for you."

Once the nurse walks away, Susan motions to Julie and Julie walks quickly in. Susan mimes that Julie should stick a finger down her throat and Julie grins as she rushes off. The doctor walks in.

Dr. Sicher: "Hi, I'm Dr. Sicher. So you're here doing research for a children's book."

Susan: "I sure am."

Julie finds Zach lying on a bed in his room and she opens the door.

Julie: "Zach?"

Zach: "Oh hi, Julie."

Julie: "What's wrong with you?"

Zach: "It's just all these pills they make me take. They kind of make me sleepy. What are you doing here?"

Julie: "I came to see how you were, and to ask you something. Look, I don't have much time."

Zach: "What is it?"

Julie: "Last week you told Mrs. Van de Kamp that your mom killed herself because of something you did, something bad. What were you talking about?"

Zach: "After my mom died, I started remembering things that happened when I was little. What happened to Dana."

Julie: "Dana, who's Dana?"

A nurse walks into the room.

Nurse: "What are you doing here?"

Julie: "I was just - visiting my friend."

Nurse: "This patient is not allowed visitors."

Julie: "I guess I have to go. I am so sorry, Zach."

She puts her hand on his for a moment, then gets up to leave.

Bree's House

Bree is sitting at the kitchen table, quietly repairing a mug, when Rex walks in.

Rex: "Hi. I don't want to disturb you, I just left some important papers here. What are you doing?"

Bree: "I'm repairing a chipped mug."

Rex: "Why don't you just buy a new one?"

Bree: "Because I think it is better to fix what you already have."

Rex: "Listen, um, about what happened today..."

Bree: "You humiliated me, Rex. For no good reason."

Rex: "I'm sorry."

Bree: "I was there. I was willing. Normal men don't say no to that."

Rex: "You, you upset me."

Bree: "See, but I don't think that's the reason. After I left the motel, I um, did some thinking about us and our sex life, and I realized there has been a disconnect, but it's coming from you.

Rex: "That's ridiculous."

Bree: "How many years have we been making love, and you've started to ask me something, but then you stop?"

Rex: "I, I don't know what you're talking about."

Bree: "You are unhappy with our sex life because you're not getting something from me, but you're simply too afraid to ask."

Rex: "My problem with our sex life is that you can't stop thinking about the house work."

Bree: "Well, then, if that is the case, then take me, right here, right now. The house is spotless. There aren't any burritos lying around to pull my focus..."

Rex: "I'm not in the mood."

Bree: "Why not? We haven't had sex for months, Rex. Most normal, red-blooded men would be climbing the walls by now."

Rex: "Please, don't do this."

Bree: "Rex, whatever you want, I'll go there with you. I will go there with you, you just have to say it out loud. Tell me, what do you want? What do you need?"

Rex: "I need for you to stop talking like this."

Bree: "Why?"

Rex: "Because you sound like a whore."

Bree: "No I don't. I sound like a woman whose husband won't touch her. Rex, after Mary Alice killed herself, it all hit me. We all have our secrets, and I think it's time for you to tell me yours."

Rex stares at her for a long moment before shaking his head.

Rex: "I'm going."

He leaves.

Nighttime, Lynette's House

"That night, while most of Wisteria Lane dreamt the night away, Lynette was in the middle of her own personal nightmare. Determined her boys would not miss their fairy tale debut, Lynette stayed up 18 hours staright, sewing. But she began to fear her story would not have a happy ending."

She begins to cry.

"Luckily for Lynette, she had a magic potion handy."

Lynette goes up to the bathroom and opens the cabinet above the sink. She takes down her children's ADD medication, and takes two pills.

"And once she had taken it...the magic kept working...."

Lynette uses the sewing machine to sew.

"...and working..."

Lynette uses the glue gun to put the costumes together.

"...and working."

The next morning, Lynette has completely cleaned the house until it looks spotless and is currently using a Q-tip to clean parts of the kitchen cabinets.

"It wasn't until noon that lynette finally took a break. And the realizty of what she had done began to sink in."

Lynette walks briskly to the bathroom where she stares at herself in the mirror. She brushes some hair away from her face and says softly, "My, what big eyes you have."

She brushes at some stains on her shirt, shrugs, then turns away.

Gabrielle's House

Carlos gives Mama Solis, who's sitting on the couch, a drink. Gabrielle calls out to her.

Gabrielle: "Mama Juanita, I'm going to the store. Do you need anything?"

Mama Solis: "I'm fine, thank you."

Carlos: "So what's been going on with her? Have you found anything out yet?"

Mama Solis: "Actually, Carlos, the more I watch her, the more I think she's probably not stepping out on you."

Carlos: "Really?"

Mama Solis: "Yeah. She's not perfect, Lord knows, but she loves you. I can tell."

Carlos kisses her cheek.

Carlos: "Mama. You don't know what a relief it is to hear that. You know, it's funny. I really think she loves you, too."

Mama Solis: "Oh?"

Carlos: "I got concerend when I heard you played poker with her friends. So I told her about your little problem."

Mama Solis: "You told her about my gambling problem?"

Carlos: "Don't be mad, mama. I just didn't want you slipping into old habits. And Gabrielle was very concerned about you."

Mama Solis: "She knew."

Susan's House

Susan looks through one of Julie's yearbooks.

Susan: "I don't get it. I've gone through all your yearbooks and you and Zach never went to school with anybody named Dana."

Julie: "He didn't say it was somebody we went to school with."

Susan: "Did it sound like a relative?"

Julie: "He said Dana. It sounded like Dana. Unless he was using a code, that's all I've got."

Susan gets up from the table and joins Julie at the sink. As they talk, she looks out the window, watching as Paul, across the street, mows his lawn.

Susan: "Okay, gimme a break here. I'm just grasping at straws."

Julie: "I'm sorry. It's...I'm worried about Zach. It's really creepy in there. Can't we get him out?"

Susan: "Honey, it's up to his father."

Julie: "Then I at least want to visit again."

Paul stops mowing and looks straight at them.

Susan: "I don't think that's a good idea either."

Julie: "Why?"

Susan: "I just have a feeling."

Gabrielle's House

Mama Solis is sitting on the porch, knitting. She watches Gabrielle drive up.

"Juanita was now more convinced than ever that her treacherous daughter-in-law was having an affair. But the question remained, with whom?"

Gabrielle gets out of her car, checks the mail, then continues up the walk, past John, who's working on the yard, without saying anything to him.

"And suddenly, Juanita remembered it wasn't the men Gabrielle talked to that she had to worry about."

Gabrielle goes into the house and Mama Solis smiles.

Play Rehearsal

Lynette: "Jordana, Maisy, here are the costumes, right on time."

Maisy: "Thank you, Lynette. This is a bit awkward. There has been an oversight with the programs. Celia Bond is still credited with costumes. They forgot to tell the printer."

Lynette: "Uh-huh. Ah, incidently, who is they, as in they forgot to tell the printer?"

Maisy: "That would be me. I'm sorry, but I was just so overworked this week, what with all the script changes that you demanded."

Lynette: "Well, these things happen. Oh, I'll be right back."

She hands a plastic sword and a coonskin cap to Maisy.

Maisy hands the coonskin cap to Jordana.

Maisy: "Would you do something with this, it looks like roadkill."

Lynette: "Okay, lady, that's it!"

Maisy: "I beg your pardon?"

Lynette: "Maisy, we have kids the same age, which means there are years ahead of us, having to deal with each other. So instead of playing all these petty games, why don't we put an end to this right now."

Maisy: "What are you saying?"

Lynette: "Let's take it outside."

Maisy: "Let's take what outside?"

Lynette: "Your sorry ass. We're throwing down."

Maisy: "You are crazy!"

Lynette: "Just being practical. Isn't it better to settle this once and for all, rather than endure all this alpha mom crap until our kids graduate? Hmmm? Come on! I'll even let you take the first shot."

There's a long pause.

Maisy: "I don't have time for this."

She walks away. Lynette calls after her.

Lynette: "Yeah, I didn't think so. And just so you know, next spring when we do Bambi, his mother is going to take a slug to the heart, and you're going to like it!"

Lynette takes a deep breath and looks over at Jordana, who smiles.

Nighttime

The camera pans to Susan's house.

"The search for power begins when we're quite young. As children, we're taught that the power of good triumphs over the power of evil."

Mary Alice's glass award that Susan bought from Paul sits next to a lamp. The yellow/green blanket with the name Dana embroidered in it is slung over the back of a chair.

"But as we get older, we realize that nothing is ever that simple. Traces of evil always remain..."

An middle-aged man is jogging in Wisteria Lane. As he runs, a younger, more fit man runs past him easily.

"Competition. It means different things to different people. In Suburbia, it means keeping up with the Jones's. On Wisteria Lane, that means keeping up with Bree Van de Kamp. Everyone knew Bree had the nicest lawn in the neighborhood. And no one begrudged her this. No one, that is, except Martha Huber, whose own lawn paled in comparison.

No matter how carefully she trimmed...
...or how lovingly she watered...
...or how generously she fertilized...
...the grass was always greener on the other side of the fence."

Mrs. Huber throws down some fertilizer she had been holding, and notices the middle-aged man jog up to her place. He stops in front of Mrs. Huber.

Mrs. Huber: "Hello, Victor, how are you today? Out jogging again?"

Victor: "I can't catch my breath."

Mrs. Huber: "Would you like a slurp from my hose?"

He nods, then collapses to his knees falling on the ground.

Mrs. Huber: "Victor? Victor? Don't worry, I'm going to get an ambulance!"

She starts to go inside, then stops, looking over next door to Bree's house.

"Then one day, Mrs. Huber finally got the chance to mow down the competition."

Mrs. Huber transports Victor by red wheelbarrow to Bree's lawn, and dumps him in the flower bed.

Mrs. Huber: "Help! Somebody help!"

Bree gasps. "What happened?"

Mrs. Huber: "He collapsed on your hydrangeas! Call 911!"

Bree runs inside.

Later, Victor is put on a stretcher and EMS workers whisk him away in an ambulance. Bree looks down at her destroyed lawn in dismay.

"Yes. Mrs. Huber understood the first rule of competition. In order to win, you have to want it more..."

Credits

Bree's House

There is a copy of Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert on a wooden table, next to a tray with crackers and garnish.

"When I was alive, my friends and I came together once a month for a meeting of the Wisteria Lane Book Club. We found the problems of literary characters so absorbing."

"...the way they dealt with adversity..."

Lynette pops some pills.

"...conducted illicit affairs..."

Gabrielle walks by John.

"...endured domestic dramas..."

Rex walks out of the house with Bree looking frustrated behind him.

"...and planned romantic conquests."

Susan circles a date in her calendar that reads "Date with Mike!"

"But since my death, my friends had lost their interest in fiction. Their own problems had become absorbing enough."

Bree's House

Woman: "So, what did everybody think?"

Lynette: "I thought the character of Madame Bovary was ... very inspirational."

She pushes her baby carriage around the room. Susan nods her agreement as she turns a page in her copy of the book.

Woman: "Inspirational? She poisons herself with arsenic."

Lynette: "Really?"

Woman: "You didn't read until the end?"

Lynette: "I stopped after page 50."

Woman: "Am I the only one who read the book?"

Susan: "I saw the movie. It was really good."

Woman: "Ladies! I'm sorry, but wh-wh-what is the point of having a book club if we don't read the book?"

Bree: "More wine? So, uh, Reba, Emma and Lori... Why don't you girls come to the kitchen and help me with the snacks?"

Woman: "Sure."

Bree: "I will be right in."

The three women walk into the kitchen and Bree closes the double doors on the three ladies, trapping them in the kitchen.

Bree: "God, I couldn't wait to get rid of them! So, Lynette said that you found Zack."

Susan: "He's at a rehabilitation center. Julie snuck in and actually talked to him."

Lynette: "Did he say anything about his mother's suicide?"

Susan: There wasn't enough time. He did say one thing that was kind of mysterious. He said something happened to someone named Dana, and that he could never ever talk about it."

Gabrielle: "Who the hell's Dana?"

Lynette: "That's the mystery part."

Susan: "I figure Dana has something to do with what Mary Alice was trying to hide."

Lynette: "So somebody found out Mary Alice's secret..."

Bree: "...and sent the note."

Gabrielle: "So who the hell is that?"

Susan shrugs.

The detective lays a copy of the purple stationary next to Mary Alice's note in front of Paul.

Detective: "The stationary is particle #17, 100% cotton. It is made by Cyprus Office Products. In stores in twelve cities, including yours. We traced that postmark back to your local post office."

Paul: "Meaning?"

Detective: "Meaning that the blackmailer is probably someone you know. A neighbor, milkman, pool boy, soccer mom..."

Paul: "Soccer mom?"

Detective: "Mr. Young, sometimes evil drives a mini van. I had this gig once, tracking down this PTA mom, was hell-bent on landing her daughter a spot on the parade float. Fed anti-freeze to half the homecoming committee."

Paul: "Did you catch her?"

Detective: "Mr. Young, the people who hired me didn't hire me to catch her."

Lynette's House

Lynette puts away a book as Tom comes down the stairs. Lynette scurries around the kitchen, cleaning.

Tom: "Wow, honey, look, this place looks spotless!"

Lynette: Thanks."

Tom: Listen, I have come up with this killer idea for the Spotless Scrub campaign."

Lynette: "Great! You wanna run it by me?"

Tom: "No. I'm good. But, thanks."

Lynette: "Okay." She smiles and turns away.

Tom: "Well, that's the thing. You know how whenever I pitch in the boardroom at work, how Kennesey always tears my ideas down in front of the partners?"

Lynette: "Yeah?"

Tom: "I invited the partners and their wives over so I could pitch to them here. And I thought we could make a formal dinner for six. We could sit, we could..."

Lynette: "And when exactly would this formal dinner take place?"

Tom: "Uh ... day after tomorrow!"

Lynette: "Tom!

Tom: "Yeah, I know, I know, I know, I know I know it's short notice."

Lynette: "You think? How am I supposed to pull off a formal dinner with no warning?"

Tom: "I don't know. Bree Van de Kamp does this kind of thing all the time..."

Lynette stops what she's doing to stare at him.

Lynette: "What did you say?"

Tom: "Well, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. That's - you know what, forget it. I'll call and I'll cancel. Don't worry about it."

Lynette: "No, no. Let's, let's do it.

Tom: "Really?"

Lynette: "Yeah, it's good for your career. I'll pull it off."

Tom comes over and kisses her.

Tom: "Yes. Honey, thank you. So much. You know, what, I promise. I land you this account, and I'm gonna buy you something awful pretty."

He goes back upstairs.

"Luckily for Tom, Lynette had a recipe for success..."

She opens the drawer with the pills, but upon taking it out, realizes that it's empty.

"...unfortunately for her, she was missing the secret ingredient."

Outside Gabrielle's House

Mama Solis is sitting on the front porch, reading. John turns off the lawn mower and goes to his truck to get something. His phone rings, so he answers it.

John: "Yeah?"

It's Gabrielle. She comes out on her balcony as she talks, looking down at him.

Gabrielle: "It's me. Don't turn around, my mother-in-law can see you."

John: "I hate that she's always watching us."

Gabrielle: "So meet me at the motel in an hour? John?"

John: "Uh, I've got plans."

Gabrielle: "So cancel."

John: "They're with Danielle. We're going to the movies."

Gabrielle: "That sounds like a date."

John: "Yeah."

Gabrielle: "Well, I have a problem with you seeing other girls."

John turns around to stare up at her as he talks.

John: "Well, I have a problem with you having a husband. I guess we'll both have to learn to deal."

He hangs up on her and stalks off, with Mama Solis watching him thoughtfully. Gabrielle, furious, storms into her bedroom, where she tosses the phone on her bed before going into the bathroom.

John's phone rings and he looks at the caller ID, which reads "Mrs. Solis."

He answers the phone.

John: "Don't even try to make it up to me by talking dirty"

The phone goes dead.

John: "Hello?"

Upstairs, in Gabrielle's bedroom, Mama Solis closes Gabrielle's cell phone, a look of smiling comprehension on her face. She puts the phone carefully back down on the bed.

Principal's Office

In the principal's office of Andrew's school, Rex and Bree are seated. Bree is reading from Madame Bovary while Rex sits quietly. The principal walks in.

Principal Stark: "Mr. and Mrs. Van de Kamp. So, your son decided to entertain some of his friends yesterday by shoving a freshman's head into a locker."

Bree: "This was the Johnson boy?"

Principal Stark: "Yes. He broke the boy's nose. Because of our no tolerance policy, your son may face expulsion."

Rex: "You're going to ruin his whole future over a little rough housing? "

Bree: "Rex, this was practically assault."

Rex: "Mrs. Stark, what Andrew did was clearly wrong, but in his defense, his mother and I are going through severe marital problems."

Bree: "Is that relevant?"

Rex: "Our marriage is disintegrating. Of course Andrew is acting out. He has every right to be angry."

Bree: "If Andrew is angry about you moving out of the house, then perhaps he should shove your head into a locker!"

Rex: "All I'm saying, is that we need to take some of the responsibility here."

Bree: "And so does Andrew! Blaming his actions on our problems..." Bree turns to Principal Stark, "...which are not so serious..." she turns back to Rex, "...does not help him."

Rex: "Our problems are serious!"

Bree: "Mrs. Stark, you handle this however you see fit."

Rex: "Bree, I've gone to an attorney. You're gonna to be served with divorce papers later today."

Bree: "You went to an attorney?"

Rex: "Yeah! And a good one too!"

Bree: "Well he better be good, because when I'm finished with you, you won't have a cent to your name!"

Rex: "Bring it on!"

Principal Stark: "Perhaps detention is the way to go."

Susan's Bedroom

Susan gets dressed for her date with Mike.

Julie: "Mom, you're getting too dressed up."

Susan: "I know, but I wanna look really sexy."

Julie: "I told Mike I expect him to have you home by eleven."

Susan: "Hmm. How about midnight?"

Julie: "All right, but no later. You know how I worry. So, you, uh, got protection?"

Susan: "Oh my god. We are so not having this conversation."

Julie: "We are because I enjoy being an only child."

Susan: "Are you finished?"

Julie: "Almost. You know, I always assumed I would have sex for the first time before you would have it again."

Susan: "Okay, you can leave now."

She pushes Julie out of her bedroom, smiling, as she closes the door behind her.

Mike's House

Mike finishes getting dressed in a suit, and looks at himself in a mirror. He turns to Bongo, who's lying on the floor watching him.

Mike: "What do you think? Trying too hard? Well, what do you know, it's 80 degrees outside and you're wearing fur."

He hears a knock on his front door, so he grabs his keys and opens the door. Standing there is a beautiful woman.

Kendra: "Hey, Mike."

Susan crosses the street in her dress to Mike's house. She sees Edie outside of Paul Young's house, putting up a For Sale sign, and stops to talk.

Susan: "Hey, Edie!"

Edie: "Wow! Get a load of you! You look so pretty. I hardly recognize you."

Susan: "Oh this?" Susan laughs. "Well, I have a date. Right now. With Mike. We kissed. FYI."

She walks up to Mike's house and knocks on the door. He opens it, looking uncomfortable. He steps out onto the porch with Susan, closing the door behind him.

Susan: "Ooo, love that jacket. Good choice."

Mike: "Um, look, Susan, I'm really sorry, but I've got to cancel. I had an -unexpected house guest."

The door opens from the inside, revealing Kendra.

Kendra: "Coming through! Oh, sorry. Hi, I'm Kendra."

Susan: "Susan."

Kendra: "I'm gonna run to the car and get my stuff."

Susan walks to the edge of the porch, looking at Kendra.

Mike: "I know how this looks, but there is nothing between us. Kendra is just an old friend."

Susan: "Old friend?"

Mike: "Yeah, you know..."

Susan: "Yeah. Yeah. No, actually no, I don't know. So, by old friend, do you mean college pal, bowling buddy, saved you from drowning?"

Mike: "It's hard to explain."

Susan: "Could you give it a shot?"

Kendra returns.

Kendra: "Mike, I'm going to go upstairs and take a shower."

She goes inside.

Mike: "I promise, I'll make this up to you. And you look ... amazing."

Kendra (calling from inside): "Mike, where are the towels?" He turns and leaves.

Susan: "Thanks."

Susan is walking back to her house, hiding her face with her purse as she passes by Edie.

Edie: "Hey, how was your big date?"

Susan: "Mike had to reschedule."

Edie: "Oh. Because of the hot girl? With the suitcase? Over there? Gosh, how devastating for you. FYI."

Paul's House

Paul and Edie walk into the kitchen.

Paul: "Look, I just want to move this place fast. I'll do whatever we have to do."

Edie: "Well, that's good to know. You do realize that you're going to have to disclose the fact that your wife killed herself in the house.

Paul: "I am?"

Edie: "Oh, yeah. Legal crap. You know, people get really freaked out by suicides. You can't blame 'em. Hell, I get the willies just standing here."

Paul: "Is there any way to get around it?"

Edie: "Off the record? You could say that she shot herself in the living room, and then crawled out back to die. Well, I'm just saying! Oh, I've gotta go. I'll call you tomorrow."

She leaves. Paul sees that she's left behind some of her stuff and calls out to her.

Paul: "Edie, wait."

He notices that sticking out the leather folder is a piece of light purple stationary. He pulls it out to stare at it.

"Paul had always known Edie Brit was capable of doing anything to close a deal."

Paul opens up the container he was keeping Mary Alice's note in. He compares the two pieces of paper.

"But now he realized she was capable of so much more."

Outside

Gabrielle is jogging when she runs into Danielle, who was being dropped off by some friends. She stops to talk.

Gabrielle: "Hey, Danielle."

Danielle: "Hey, Mrs. Solis."

Gabrielle: "Oh, Danielle, remember when you said you wanted to be a model?"

Danielle: "You remember that? That was, like, last summer!"

Gabrielle: "Well, as it turns out, Pershing Modeling Academy has an opening for their summer program. Would you like me to sponsor you?"

Danielle: "Would I? Oh my god, that's like one of the best schools in the country! You would do that for me?"

Gabrielle: "I sure would."

Danielle: "I would so love to go to New York."

Gabrielle: "Oh, and I would so love to help you get there."

Park

Jordana sits on a bench, watching her children play, when Lynette comes up to her.

Lynette: "Hey, Jordana!"

Jordana: "Hey Lynette, how are you? You look a little tired. Is everything okay?"

Lynette: "Actually, I'm getting ready for a dinner party tomorrow night. Six people."

Jordana: "Sounds fun."

Lynette: "Big fun. Say, you wouldn't have any of your kids ADD medication that you could spare just to get me over the hump?"

Jordana (calling to her kids): "Tina! Don't push your sister. Gosh Lynette, I'm really running low. I need all my energy I can get. My sister, Elaine, and her kids are flying in town for a week."

Lynette: "Yeah, that's exciting. I wish my sister would visit more often."

Jordana: "Yeah, sisters are great."

Lynette: "Yeah. Just three or four pills, I'm really hitting a wall here."

Jordana: "Yeah, the come down can be a real bitch. I wish I could help."

Lynette: "I'm not going to forget about this, Jordana."

Jordana: "What's that supposed to mean?"

Lynette: "It means come Girl Scout Cookie time, don't bother bringing little Tina, because we won't be home!"

She leaves.

Bree's House

Bree, Rex, Andrew, and Danielle sit at the dining room table. Danielle brushes her hair, Rex has a glass of soda in his hands, and Bree has a nearly empty wine glass in front of her.

Andrew: "What's this about?"

Rex: "You both know that your mother and I have been unhappy for quite a while. And after a lot of soul searching, we've decided it would be better if we got divorced."

Bree: "But whatever problems your father and I have, it doesn't change the fact that we love you very, very much,"

Andrew: "I've got a question."

Bree: "Go ahead sweetheart. Ask whatever you want."

Andrew: "Can I live with dad? I mean, c'mon, mom, let's face it. We drive each other crazy."

Bree sits still for a minute, then she and Rex look at each other.

Bree: "Is, is that what you would prefer, Danielle? To live with your father."

Danielle: "I don't really care, as long as I have my own bathroom."

Bree: "Um, all this, um, wine is, uh, giving me a headache."

She gets up and leaves the room. Rex looks after her.

Mike's House

Mike's maps are spread out over his kitchen table. Kendra leans over the table, looking at them.

Kendra: "Six weeks in the suburban jungle, and this is all you got?"

Mike: "There are over three hundred families in this subdivision. It will take time to check 'em all out."

Kendra: "Dad said the last time he saw you, you were ready to quit."

Mike: "Well, I changed my mind."

Kendra: "This is a gigantic waste of your time and my father's money.

Mike: "You afraid of the old man burning through your inheritance?"

Kendra: "That's not funny. Mike, here's the thing."

Mike: "What?"

Kendra: "Dad can't chase ghosts alone. If you stop, he'll have to accept it's over. Let me have my father back."

Mike: "If I quit he'll just hire somebody else."

Kendra: "Not if you tell him there's nothing here to find."

Mike: "Oh, I can't do that."

Kendra: "What happens when your girlfriend finds out you're not just this sweet, neighborly plumber? You're lying to her, Mike."

Susan's Garage

Susan and Lynette are looking through Susan's garage. Susan takes a blanket from one of the boxes and tosses it to the side, pulling out something for Lynette.

Susan: "Oh, here it is."

Lynette: "Great, this will keep the crab dip warm. It took forever to shell the little buggers, but it'll be worth it."

Susan: "You shelled your own crabs? Okay, I don't want to butt in, but are you doing too much? Because you look exhausted."

Lynette: "Oh, I'm fine. I just need some coffee." Lynette kisses Susan. "Thank you."

She starts to walk away. Susan notices the blanket she put aside before.

Susan: "Oh my god, look at this embroidery."

Lynette: "'Dana.' Where did this come from?"

Susan: "Paul Young's garage sale."

Lynette: "Dana. Wow. Dana was a baby."

Lynette rubs her fingers over the blanket.


Outside of Bree's House

Rex brings Andrew outside, with his hand over Andrew's eyes.

Rex: "Surprise!"

Andrew: "No way!"

Rex: "Yep."

Andrew: "No way!"

Rex: "Yeah, it's all yours! Here are the keys."

Bree comes outside.

Bree: "Rex, what's this about?"

Rex: "I went and splurged a little. Oh Danielle, here's your present." He pulls a suitcase out of the back.

Danielle: "Luggage?"

Rex: "Yeah. It's to take with you to the Pershing Modeling Academy. I'm footing the entire bill."

Danielle: "You mean that I can really go to New York?"

Bree: "Wait a minute. What's all this about a modeling academy?"

Danielle: "It's my new career. Mrs. Solis is sponsoring me."

Bree: "Oh, is she now! And when you were planning on telling me?"

Rex: "She told me, and I think it's a great idea."

Bree: "Don't you two see what he is doing? He's trying to get you on his side. He's trying to buy your love."

Rex: "Oh for God's sake, don't be paranoid!"

Bree: "A car? A modeling academy? You should have discussed these gifts with me first. I'm sorry kids, but we cannot accept them."

Andrew: "Dad, you can't let her do this!"

Rex: "Bree, we just told the kids we're getting divorced. Isn't it time to spoil them a little?"

Bree: "I said no."

Rex: "You know what, they're my kids too, and I can give them anything I want."

He takes the keys from Bree's hands and puts them in Andrew's hand.

Rex: "There you go!"

Andrew: "Yes!"

Danielle: "Thank you Daddy!"

The kids get in the car and drive away.

Bree glares at Rex. He stands to face her, triumphant. She watches her kids drive away, passing by the Solis residence as Gabrielle pulls up in her car.

Bree storms over to where Gabrielle is removing shopping bags from her car.

Bree: "Did you offer to help Danielle get into modeling school?"

Gabrielle: "What? Uh, yes, no, um, is that how she heard it?"

Bree: "Yes. Gabrielle, did you, or did you not offer to sponsor her?"

Gabrielle: "I just wanted to help out."

Bree: "It's in New York, for God's sakes, why on earth would you suggest that?"

Gabrielle: "It's her dream, and don't you want her to be happy?"

Bree: "No, and in the future I would appreciate you keeping your ridiculous ideas to yourself!"

Gabrielle: "Bree..."

Bree leaves, furious.

John, who heard the conversation, looks at Gabrielle with hostility, and then turns away.

Gabrielle: "John...John..."

Gabrielle runs after him.

John: "You're so jealous of Danielle, you try to ship her off to New York?"

Gabrielle: "I'm not jealous. I just don't like to share."

John: "Well, you know what, I quit. The yard. Us. Everything!"

Gabrielle: "Oh, don't be that way."

John: "Well, what's the point if we can never be together? You know, an hour here, an hour there."

Gabrielle: "I don't want us to end on a bad note. Carlos has this black tie thing tonight. I could slip..."

John: "Mrs. Solis..."

Gabrielle: "John, please, what we had was so special. I think it deserves a proper goodbye."

She runs her hand down John's tank top.

John: "We'd still be over though..."

Gabrielle: "Of course!"

Mama Solis, hiding around the corner, smiles, as she eats something.

Neighbor's House

Lynette and the neighbor watch their kids scream and play in the backyard.

Lynette: "I knew this play date was a good idea."

Woman: "Oh, yeah. Thank you for suggesting it. Your boys are the only ones I know who could tire out Timmy."

Lynette: "Yep. He's a feisty one."

The woman laughs and agrees.

Lynette: "Hey, word on the street is that you've been medicating Timmy..."

Woman: "Oh yeah, for his ADD. The pills have been a godsend."

Lynette: "I bet...can I use your bathroom?"

In the bathroom, she closes the door behind her, then quickly flushes the toilet, then turns on the water in the sink. She opens up the medicine cabinet and takes down the ADD pill container. She opens it and swallows one, then puts the container back.

"As Lynette swallowed the stolen medication of an eight-year-old child, she vowed she'd never again sink to such depths..."

Lynette takes the bottle again and pours a handful into her hand.

"... any time soon."

Paul's House

Sitting in a car, Paul and Mr. Shaw look at Mary Alice's note, comparing it with the stationary from Edie.

Mr. Shaw: "Well, looks like you've got your blackmailer. Is it time to bring in the police?"

Paul: "That's not really an option for me. Before my wife shot herself, we lived a life that I was proud of. We loved each other. We had values. We went to church. We gave to charity. We were good people Mr. Shaw."

Mr. Shaw: "I believe you."

Paul: "That's why it's so incomprehensible to me that Edie Brit would try to destroy us."

Mr. Shaw: "Well, you've suffered a great loss. For your pain to heal, that's going to take some time."

Paul: "I can't wait, I need help now."

Mr. Shaw: "For five grand she's hurt. For ten grand she's gone."

Outside of Bree's House

Andrew and Danielle drive up to Bree's house. Outside of the house are all of their possessions. Bree methodically adds more items to the piles on the lawn.

Danielle: "Mom, what's going on?"

Bree: "Oh, I'm throwing you out. I've separated all your things into two sides. One side is yours, Danielle, and the other one is Andrews."

Andrew: "Okay, you've lost it."

Danielle: "Where are we supposed to live?"

Bree: "Darned if I know. Uh, Danielle, everything in the north quadrant of your side is clothes and books and such, and the south side are miscellaneous items."

Andrew: "Mom, this isn't going to work. Okay, I'm not giving up my car."

Bree: "That's a smart idea, because you're probably going to have to sleep in it for a while."

Danielle (while picking up her items): "Mom, you can't stop us from going back inside the house."

Bree: "Oh, no? That's Mr. Conlan, the locksmith. He's been very helpful today. Of course, I could give you the new keys, which would mean you'd have to adhere to my rules, which would include giving back your father's gifts."

Danielle: "Okay, fine, you win. I won't go to New York."

Bree drops a key into Danielle's hand and then looks expectantly at Andrew. He shakes his head.

Andrew: "I'm outta here."

Outside Paul Young's House

Mike and Kendra start up towards the open house that Edie is having for Paul Young's house.

Kendra: "An open house in the suburbs? This is beyond quiche."

Mike: "Behave yourself. It's one of the houses on the street I've had a hard time getting into."

Kendra: "God, I wish you would let this go."

They pass by Edie who overhears the first part of their conversation.

Mike: "I'm taking you out for drinks tonight. There's this cowboy bar called the Saddle Ranch, you need to see."

Kendra: "Why?"

Mike: "It's the last place anybody ever saw your sister."

Susan walks up to the house and runs into Edie.

Edie: "Susan! What brings you here?"

Susan: "I just wanted to say goodbye to Mary Alice's house, before somebody else moved in."

Edie: "Aw, that sounds almost plausible."

Susan: "I beg your pardon?"

Edie: "Oh, come on. We both know why you're here, and the answer is yes, they are having sex. No question."

Susan: "You don't know what you are talking about. They're just friends."

Edie: "Hmm, think so? I overheard them saying they're going to the Saddle Ranch tonight. For drinks. And dancing."

Susan: "So friends can do that."

Edie: "Oh my god, I just want to slap and shake you."

Edie walks away.

Susan sees Kendra touch Mike's stomach playfully.

Susan: "Where did you say they were going tonight?"

Susan runs after Edie.

Saddle Ranch

Susan: "I don't know why I let you talk me into coming here. There is obviously nothing going on between them."

Edie: "Where are you going?"

Susan: "I'm going to the bathroom and I'm going home. I don't want Mike to catch me here."

Edie: "It's only been ten minutes. She could be waiting to make her move."

In the background, a man rides a mechanical bull.

Edie: "Oh come on, you're not gonna beat a girl like that by knocking off early."

Susan: "It's not a competition."

Edie: "The hell it isn't."

Susan: "Good night, Edie."

Edie: "Suit yourself. But for the record, I was rooting for you to land him."

Susan: "And why would you root for me?"

Edie: "Well, I figured it would be easier for me to steal Mike from you than her - she seems like fun!"

Gabrielle's Bedroom

Gabrielle lies on the bed, in a bathrobe. Carlos and Mama Solis stand by the bed.

Carlos: "Just take some antacid."

Gabrielle: "It's not those kind of cramps."

Carlos: "This is a business dinner. It's important."

Gabrielle groans.

Mama Solis: "Relax. You and I can go alone. Gabrielle can stay here and get better."

Carlos: "Fine. I'll see you in a couple of hours."

Gabrielle: "Okay. Take good care of Carlos."

Mama Solis: "Oh, I always do."

She closes the door behind her and Gabrielle gets off of the bed.

Saddle Ranch

Susan starts to leave when she notices Edie riding the mechanical bull in the center of the ring. She bends over to pick up the hat that Edie threw to her. When she stands up, Mike is standing there.

Susan: "Mike! What a small, small world."

Mike: "Yeah, it sure is. I caught Edie hiding in the back."

Susan: "No kidding, is she here?"

Slowly, Mike turns his head to where Edie is playing to the crowd.

Mike: "Yeah. Yeah, she said, uh, the jig is up, and then she went to ride the bull. Oh, and she said you two came together."

Susan: "Oh, well, yeah, we, we did, uh, I just thought she left."

Mike: "Are you following me?"

Susan: "What? No, no, I just came here, you know, with Edie. We, just, love to ride that bull."

Mike: "You ride the bull."

Susan: "Yeah, yeah, it's a real rush."

Mike: "Come on, Susan, give me a break."

Susan: "No, you give me a break! I did not follow you here, and even if I had followed you here, it's because you've been so secretive about Kendra."

Mike: "Kendra and I are friends."

Susan: "And I came here to ride the bull!"

She plops Edie's hat on her head and a nearby cowboy hears her and dings the triangle he has in his hand. He lets out a whoop and calls out "We've got another one to ride the bull!"

Susan's eyes go wide. Mike backs away to watch.

Cowboy: "Okay little doggie, you're up!"

Susan: "Oh fun. I'm a doggie."

She steps into the ring where the bull is and looks over at Mike, who smirks at her. She throws her purse to Mike, pulls up her shirt, and ties it. The crowd of mostly men catcalls at her.

"Woo, baby, woo!"

Susan: "Oh, yeah, I'm here to ride the bull. Check it out! Okay! Yeah! Woo! Baby! Woo!"

She tosses the hat into the crowd. It hits a man, who falls onto the controls for the bull. The bull starts to buck, and Susan, not yet on it, falls over, landing hard on the rubber mat.

Rex's Hotel Room

Rex: "Andrew, you promised you'd stay with your mother. That's why I gave you the car."

Andrew: "Dad, she wants me out! She put all my stuff on the front lawn."

Rex: "This is ridiculous. I'm going to call her, and I'm going to smooth all this out. you're going home."

Rex picks up the phone. Andrew grabs it and puts it down.

Andrew: "No, Dad why? Now I can live with you without feeling guilty. It will be perfect. It will be like our own little bachelor pad."

Rex walks away.

Andrew: "What?"

Rex: "Son, that's not gonna happen."

Andrew: "Why not?"

Rex: "Andrew, these past few months have been incredibly difficult for me. There are a lot of things that I've got to work out for myself, and I can't do that if you're living with me. I'm sorry."

Andrew: "I don't care. All right. I'm not going back there.

Rex: "I don't think you have a choice."

Andrew: "But Dad..."

Rex: "Uh-uh."

Andrew storms out. Rex calls after him.

Rex: "Oh, come on now, don't!"

Andrew's Car

Andrew makes a call on his cell phone.

Andrew: "Keith? Yeah, it's me. Do you still have that fake ID? Yeah, I've got to go home and kiss my mother's ass. I am not going to it sober!"

He drives off.

Lynette's House

Tom and his guests are in the living room while Lynette works in the kitchen. As they laugh and joke, Lynette brings out a plate of desserts and sets it on the coffee table.

Woman: "Oh, the desserts are wonderful. Lynette, do you need any help?"

Lynette: "I've got it covered, no problem."

In the living room, Tom outlines his ideas to his boss.

Boss: "Okay, Scavo, you're up. Let's here this genius idea of yours."

Tom: "Okay. Uh, okay. The single greatest obstacle facing Spotless Scrub is a lack of visibility. We need to concentrate ads in places where women spend a majority of their time."

Lynette, smiling, listens from the kitchen as she prepares more dessert.

Tom: "For example, large chain grocery stores. Picture Spotless Scrub ads on the side of every mother's shopping cart."

Boss: "Interesting."

Lynette: "Oh, you know what would be even better? Dry cleaning bags."

Tom: "What?"

Lynette: "No, really, hear me out. Put a big Spotless Scrub ad between a woman and her cashmere sweater, and I guarantee you'll get her attention."

Tom: "Honey, honey, that's great. I'm in the middle of a thing here."

Lynette (still smiling): "Oh!"

Boss's wife: "She's got a point. And those dry cleaning bags hang in our closets forever, and so it is like constant advertising."

Lynette: "Exactly!"

Tom: "You know, maybe there's a way that we can work that in - "

Boss: "You know, this is kind of a fantastic idea. Can we go nationwide with this?"

Lynette: "Why not? Start by targeting the top chain, then branch out from there. Boom, boom, boom. Mass saturation. Oh, and you know what else would be a great idea? Here's the thing ..."

"While Lynette was commanding everyone's attention..."

Saddle Ranch

"...Susan was trying to remain inconspicuous."

Susan: "Everybody's looking at me, aren't they?"

Mike: "Just the slapstick fans."

Susan: "Oh God, why couldn't I have just have been knocked unconscious?"

Kendra: "Beer?"

Susan: "Absolutely. Oh. Ow! Ow, ow."

Mike: "Susan, this is Kendra."

Susan: "We've been introduced."

Mike: "No, this is Kendra. We've been friends for years. She's here on a visit. She's leaving tomorrow. That's it."

Kendra: "It's true. I have no designs on this man whatsoever."

Mike: "I'll be right back."

He leaves Kendra and Susan alone at their table.

Kendra: "Sorry about the misunderstanding,"

Susan: "Me, too."

Kendra: "So, how long have you two been seeing each other?"

Susan: "Well, you sort of interrupted our first date. But up until then, smoking hot tension. Sounds pathetic, I know."

Kendra: "No, I think it's good to take it slow. you'd be smart to be careful."

Susan: "Any particular reason?"

Kendra: "Look, Mike's a wonderful guy, really. But you should ask him why he moved to Wisteria Lane. It's one hell of a story."

Mike: "Here, I got some ice. Here ya go."

Susan: "Thanks."

Mr. Shaw walks into the Saddle Ranch and spots Edie, who's saying good night to a group of men. He comes up to her.

Mr. Shaw: "Hey, there."

Edie: "Well, good evening! Have a seat."

Gabrielle's Bedroom

Gabrielle and John collapse on her bed, spent.

John: "I could get used to this whole closure thing,"

Gabrielle: "I love long good byes."

Outside Gabrielle's House

Mama Solis gets out of a taxi cab, talking to the driver.

"Wait around the corner. I'll be right back."

She rushes into the house and into Gabrielle's bedroom, where the light from the hallway falls onto Gabrielle and John, kissing on the bed. Mama Solis holds a camera up to her eye and looks through it, snapping a picture.

"Smile, Gabrielle."

Mama Solis leaves. John pushes Gabrielle off of him and grabs his clothing. Gabrielle gets off of the bed calmly and goes to her closet, where she begins carrying clothing to the bed, where she's placed a suitcase.

Gabrielle: "Well, that's it then."

John: "Where are you going? he had a camera, we've got to catch her. Mrs. Solis, your husband's gonna kill us. Come on!"

He rushes downstairs.

Mama Solis: "Leave me alone!"

John: "Gimme that camera right now!"

Mama Solis: "Shut up!"

John: "I'm not kidding, old woman!"

Mama Solis: "Stay away from me! Don't touch me!"

She hits him and he falls on the floor.

She rushes out of the house, running and looking behind her. A car careens around the corner. She stops in the middle of the road as it speeds towards her. Shocked, she can only stand there.

As Gabrielle packs, she can hear tires screeching, and then a thud. She looks out the window and her jaw falls open. The car speeds away.

Gabrielle runs out of the house. Mama Solis lies motionless in the middle of the street.

John joins Gabrielle outside. He starts to head towards Mama Solis, but Gabrielle stops him.

Gabrielle: "No, no you go home. I'll take care of this. And you were never here. Go. Go."

Gabrielle runs towards Mama Solis. The taxi driver comes running.

Taxi Driver: "Did you see that? The guy came barreling around the corner and just hit her."

Gabrielle: "Do you have a cell phone?"

Taxi Driver: "Yeah."

Gabrielle: "Call 911."

He runs to his cab.

Gabrielle stares at Mama Solis, looks around, and then takes the camera lying next to her, putting it in her robe pocket.

The car that hit Mama Solis pulls into a driveway. Its right front headlight is smashed in. Inside the driver's seat is Andrew, who's breathing hard. He looks behind him.

Outside

"As Juanita hovered dangerously close to the white light, Lynette and Tom were heading into a black void."

Lynette: "I was just participating."

Tom: "No, your participation was supposed to be limited to making dinner, not making my ideas look bad."

Lynette: "Well, maybe you need better ideas. I'm sorry-I'm sorry, I didn't mean that."

Tom: "No, no no no no. We both know that your career was going so much better than mine before we had kids. You never let me forget that."

Lynette: "That is not fair!"

Tom: "You are always competing with me, and judging by tonight, you know what, you still are!"

Lynette: "Tom, I am sorry about tonight. Truly, but these days, if I'm competing with anyone, it's the Bree Van de Kamps of the world with their spotless kitchens, and their perfect kids, who throw fabulous parties where nothing ever goes wrong. I try so hard to keep up, but I can't."

Tom: "Lynette, that's not my expectation."

Lynette: "And when you work on a pitch, or you bring the partners over, I am reminded of a world I left behind where I was the winner, and people tried to keep up with me! I can't go back. I can't win where I am. I'm stuck in the middle, and it is really starting to get to me."

Tom: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. For your information, I thought you threw an amazing dinner party tonight. I was thrilled! I don't know how you pulled it all together."

They look at each other.

Lynette: "Yeah, well."

Tom: "And whether you believe it or not, everyone who knows you thinks that you are a great wife and mother."

Lynette: "No, they don't."

Tom: "Yes they do - especially me."

Lynette: "Thanks."

He pauses.

Tom: "What's wrong with your eyes?"

Lynette: "Nothing, I'm tired."

Tom: "Turn around, I want to look at you."

Lynette: "I'm fine, really...what's going on outside?"

Outside

EMS technicians rush to Mama Solis's side while neighbors watch. Gabrielle sits on the steps to her house, watching.

Lynette and Tom rush up to Bree.

Bree: "Oh my god, thank god you're here. Will you go take care of Gabrielle? I have to go home for a minute."

Bree's House

Bree rushes into her house. Andrew is standing there, leaning against a counter, looking shaken.

Bree: "Oh Andrew, thank god you're back. I need your help, honey. There's been an accident. Andrew?"

Andrew (crying): "Mama."

Bree: "Andrew..."

Bree is on the phone.

Bree: "Rex, you need to come home. Something's happened, and we need you."

Danielle and Andrew hold each other's hands.

"Competition, it means different things to different people. But whether it's a friendly rivalry..."

At the Saddle Ranch, Susan watches Mike and Kendra head towards the door.

"...or a fight to the death,"

Edie and Mr. Shaw drink together.

"the end result is the same. There will be winners -"

Gabrielle watches Mama Solis taken away on a stretcher.

"and there will be losers."

Lynette, drawn and tired-looking, looks at herself in the mirror. She looks at the pills in her hand.

"Of course, the trick is to know which battles to fight. You see, no victory comes without a price."

Quietly, Rex drives Andrew's car into a small garage. Bree stands at the entrance and looks around, and once he gets out of the car, the two of them close the garage door.
Gabrielle sits in Mama Solis's hospital room, thinking.

As Mary Alice speaks via voice-over, the scenes Mary Alice describes are shown.

"Gabrielle was waiting for her next great idea. Her first great idea came when she was fifteen, after her stepfather paid her a late night visit. She bought a bus ticket to New York the very next day. Her next occurred five years later when she decided to seduce a famous fashion photographer. One week later, she began her career as a runway model, which soon led to her next great idea--her decision to marry Carlos Solis.

Before she knew it, she had jumped off the runway and moved to the suburbs. Her most recent great idea was born out of her boredom with her new life. That's how she came to start an affair with her teenage gardener, which was cut short by a tragic accident. So once again, Gabrielle was in need of a great idea."

A nurse comes in and checks in on Mama Solis.

Nurse: "Mrs. Solis, I know you're worried, but it's going to take time."

Gabrielle: "Hmmm? What is?"

Nurse: "You look sad. I assume you're thinking about your mother-in-law."

Gabrielle: "Oh, no."

Nurse: "So, uh, what were you thinking about?"

Gabrielle: "My life. It hasn't turned out like I thought it would."

Nurse: "Oh, honey!"

Gabrielle: "Oh, I know I shouldn't complain. It's just there's something missing, and I don't know what it is. Do you ever feel that way?"

Nurse: "Hmmm, no. When I go home at night, I sleep like a baby, because I know I did something that day that helped people."

Gabrielle: "That must be a nice feeling.

Nurse: "Hmmm, it is. Of course, there are times I wish I didn't have to work so hard. We've got a real nursing shortage here, and they keep cutting our budget, and..."

The nurse is interrupted by an announcement over the loud speaker.

Announcement: "Attention all available personnel. Code blue, stat. Room 214."

Nurse: "Excuse me..."

She rushes out of the room as the announcement is repeated. Curious, Gabrielle follows her.

Nurse: "Damn it, get a doctor in here, I don't have an airway. No time, I have to intubate. Mr. Getz? Mr. Getz? Listen. You're not dying on me, okay? This tube is to help you breathe. I need you to be brave now!"

"It was then that Gabrielle got her next great idea."

A nurse closes the curtains around the patient's bed.

Gabrielle's House

"She decided to throw the first annual Sacred Heart Charity Fashion Show, to raise money for more nursing staff."

Betty: "Gabby, Gabby, I can't do it. I cannot walk down a runway in one of these dresses. They all make me look so fat. Please, get someone to take my place, Please!"

Gabrielle: "Betty, listen to me."

Betty: "No, no, please."

Gabrielle: "Listen, Betty! Okay? You're not quitting on me now. We're going to find you a gown. It's going to be black, and slimming, and you're going to look great! I need you to be brave now."

Betty: "Okay."

Betty walks off and Gabrielle looks pleased with herself.

"And that night, when she went to bed, Gabrielle slept like a baby."

Credits

Gabrielle's House

"News of the fashion show spread quickly on Wisteria Lane. Though the event was for charity, Gabrielle soon discovered that when it came to the latest fashions, women are seldom charitable. No one knew this better than Edie Britt. She understood that treachery never goes out of style."

Edie finds a dress in the racks that she likes. She begins to rip off the tag that claims it's Susan's dress. As she pulls it from the rack and turns around, she runs into Susan, who was walking up.

Edie: "Susan!"

Susan: "Give me the dress."

Edie: "I gave it a shot!"

She hands the dress over.

In a different part of the room, Helen is admiring the dress she's wearing. Gabrielle comes up.

Gabrielle: "Hi, Helen!

Helen: "Hi!"

Gabrielle: "How's the dress fitting?"

Helen: "Great. Maybe it could be taken out at the shoulder a little."

Gabrielle: "Sure, no problem. There you go."

Helen: "You know, Gabrielle, I never thanked you properly."

Gabrielle: "For what?"

Helen: "For what you did for my son. It was so nice of you to hire John as your gardener."

Gabrielle: "Believe me, it's been my pleasure. How's he doing?"

Helen: "Good, good."

Gabrielle: "I hear he's dating Danielle Van de Kamp?"

Helen: "Well, for now. I think it's just a matter of time before they break up for good."

Gabrielle: "What's wrong?"

Helen: "Oh, she just seems to want much more of a relationship than he does. You remember what's it's like dating teenage boys."

Gabrielle: "Vaguely."

Helen: "Thank you."

She leaves to look at herself in the mirror again.

Carlos comes down the stairs, talking on the portable phone.

Carlos: "No, you tell that son-of-a-bitch Tanaka that if he doesn't call me in an hour, I'm going to go down to his office, find him, and kick his ass."

He hangs up the phone. The women stare at him.

Carlos: "Ladies..."

He walks off.

Susan comes up to Gabrielle.

Susan: "Trouble at work?"

Gabrielle: "I don't know what his problem is. He's making money left and right. I just wish he'd relax."

Off to the side, Edie gets upset.

Edie: "Crap! Crap! Crap! I'm telling you, all of the good dresses are taken. Well, what the hell am I supposed to wear?"

Lynette: "Well, Mrs. Huber never showed up. Why don't you wear this one?"

Edie: "This is an old lady dress. You won't even be able to see my body."

Lynette: "That is so like you, Edie. You're always thinking of others."

Bree: "So, why isn't Mrs. Huber here?"

Edie: "Last I heard, she went to visit her sister. I just can't believe that Martha would agree to wear this. She always said she'd never be caught dead in black."

"Sadly for Mrs. Huber, this was no longer the case."

Outside, in the woods

A large black bag, with a human-shaped lump inside is lying on the ground. Nearby, Paul digs a hole in the ground. When he's done, he drags the bag into the hole. An arm hangs out. He throws the green blender into the hole, next to the body, and then begins shoveling in the dirt.

Susan's House

Julie is spooning ice cream into a bowl when Susan comes in with the mail.

Julie: "Hey Mom!"

Susan: "Julie, you'll never guess who you got a letter from. Zach. Isn't that weird, him writing you?"

Julie: "Yeah."

Susan: "Well open! Open, open, open! He could have said something about Dana!"

Julie: "I'll read it later."

Susan: "Later? What's wrong with now?"

Julie: "I've got tons of homework, mom."

Susan: "Julie, what's going on?"

Julie: "This isn't the first letter I've gotten from Zach. We've been writing each other the last couple of weeks. Are you mad?"

Susan: "No, it's just when I was your age, my pen pal lived on a farm in Ohio, not in a mental institution. You know, that letter is one notch above prison mail."

Julie: "Zach's not crazy. He's just upset over his mom, and his dad doesn't even seem to care. He just needs a friend."

She picks up her ice cream and leaves the kitchen.

Lynette's House

Lynette pays bills at the kitchen table while Tom, holding the baby, packs a bag.

Tom: "I packed the diapers. I'm gettin' the juice boxes and the carrot sticks..."

Lynette: "Sunscreen?"

Tom: "Got it. I'll go pick up the boys, we'll hit the park. And that should give you a good couple of hours..."

They kiss.

Tom: "Enjoy the vacation!"

Lynette leans back in her chair and gives Tom a look. Not a nasty look, just a look.

Tom: "What?"

Lynette: "While you're gone, I'll be here, paying bills and sorting laundry and cooking dinner, so what part of that sounds like a vacation?"

Tom: "Okay, right. You know what? We'll pick up dinner, and, you just take a hot bath, relax. Recharge."

Lynette smiles, her gaze continuing on Tom, and she puts her leg up on the table.

Tom: "Okay, I get it. It's gonna take more than a hot bath to recharge, but, uh, don't forget: I'm here all week!"

Lynette: "Then what?"

Tom: "Then we go back to normal?"

Lynette: "Tom, our last version of normal had me popping pills. Normal is a bad, bad plan."

Tom: "Okay, so we'll put our heads together and we'll come up with a solution."

Lynette: "I think we need to hire a nanny. Full time. "

Tom: "It's just...it's a big, big commitment."

Lynette: "I know. And I know we can't afford it. And I know everything that's happened is my fault. But, if I don't get some help, there's an excellent chance, I will lose my mind."

Tom: "Okay. Well, then we have to make it work."

Andrew's Swim Meet

Andrew horses around with his friends. Rex and Bree are in the stands, watching him.

Bree: "It's just not right."

Rex: "What?"

Bree: "A woman is in a coma, because of Andrew. And there he is, happy as a clam!"

Rex exhales. "Well, we grounded him, we took away the TV in his room. How many more ways do you want to punish him?"

Bree turns to look at Andrew, who's put his swimming cap on, gotten on the diving board, and is ready. The buzzer sounds, and he dives into the pool.

Bree: "I think we should make him quit the swim team."

Rex: "Bree, this is the one thing in his life that he's passionate about!"

Bree: "Well maybe if we take it away from him, then he'll start to understand what he did! He has not shown an ounce of remorse since the accident."

Rex: "Of course he feels bad! He's just, you know, keeping up a faade."

Bree: "Well, he's doing a fabulous job!"

Rex: "Look, if we take him off the swim team, he'll lose his shot at an athletic scholarship, and then he's never going to forgive us!"

Bree: "Well, if it insures he grows up with some trace of humanity, then that's a risk I'm willing to take!"

Rex: "Well, I'm not."

Bree: "Well, that's because you just don't love him as much as I do!"

Bree and Rex have faced off against each other, ignoring the swimming. The man in front of them glances back at them briefly before turning his attention back to the meet.

Rex: "Well, isn't that nice."

Bree: "It's just a fact. I'm his mother. He lived inside of me."

Rex: "He hung out in your womb for a few months back in the 80s. Since then, I have grown to love him just as much as you!"

The whistle blows and the audience begins to clap.

Bree (to the man in front of them): "What just happened?"

Man: "That kid you both love so much just won the race."

Bree looks at Andrew, who's slapping high-fives with other teammates, and she and Rex both start clapping.

Gabrielle's House

Preparations are being made for the fashion show when Gabrielle walks in, coming up to John.

Gabrielle: "John!"

John: "My mom said you needed volunteers, so, I'm volunteering."

Gabrielle: "Oh! Finally got the charity bug?"

John: "You sound surprised."

Gabrielle: "No, not really. You were always a giver."

John: "Would you knock it off? My mom's right over there."

Gabrielle: "Have a seat. You can start by helping us alphabetize the donation cards."

She hands them to him. He sits down and starts going through the box. She sits down across from him.

Gabrielle: "So word on the street is you and Danielle might break up."

John: "Maybe. I don't know."

Gabrielle: "Is that because of me?"

John: "Not everything is about you."

Gabrielle takes her foot out of her shoe and then puts it on John's inner thigh and pushes forward.

John (jumps): "Would you stop that!"

Gabrielle: "Have you been thinking about me?"

John: "No."

Gabrielle: "Really."

John gulps.

Gabrielle: "Could have fooled me."

Susan walks in the room and goes up to Helen, who's working at the other end of the table.

Susan: "Hey, do you need any help?"

Helen: "Please, just pull up a chair."

Helen spills papers on the floor.

Helen: "Oh, gosh."

Susan: "Oh, that's okay. I've got it."

Susan looks under the table and sees Gabrielle's foot massaging John's thigh. She bumps her head on the table.

Susan: "Ow! Oh!"

She comes out from underneath the table and looks down to where Gabrielle and John are seated, apparently oblivious to each other.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle comes down her stairs to answer the door. Susan is there.

Gabrielle: "Susan, hi! Do you want to help with the seating cards?"

Susan: "Sure. Do you want to tell me why you had your foot in John Rowland's crotch yesterday?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, that! Uh... He was helping me adjust the seam in my stocking, and from your angle, it must have looked a little weird."

Susan: "You're sleeping with him, aren't you?"

Gabrielle quickly comes out to join Susan on the porch, closing the door behind her.

Gabrielle: "Okay, yes, but you have to promise not to tell anybody."

Susan: "Gabrielle, he's in high school, and, it's illegal, and you're married. If Carlos found out, this would kill him."

Gabrielle: "It's just sex, it's totally harmless."

Susan: "How can you call something like this harmless? After everything you know about what I went through with Carl?"

Gabrielle: "This isn't about you."

Susan: "Yes it is. It's about me, and about every other person who was screwed over by somebody they loved. When Carl ran off with Brandy, you saw what a basket case I was. I was crying, I, I was tearing up his clothes, I couldn't get out of bed all day. You were right there. How could you do the same thing?"

Gabrielle: "Whh--How can compare me to Carl? It's not fair. You have no idea what my life is like."

Susan: "Well, why don't you enlighten me? You're beautiful, you have more money than you could spend, and you have a husband who adores you!"

Gabrielle: "No, he doesn't adore me. He adores having me."

Susan: "That's a rationalization and you know it! See you at the show."

She leaves with Gabrielle looking after her.

Outside Lynette's House

Lynette is putting Baby Scavo into her car seat. Bree stands by the car, talking with Lynette.

Bree: "How many nannies did you interview?"

Lynette: "Ten. Ten! Each one more incompetent than the last. One actually asked me--here you go (she gives the bottle to the baby)--if she was expected to change diapers."

Bree: "Oh, good nannies are so hard to find."

Lynette: "Yeah, that's why I was hoping to take advantage of your expertise."

Bree: "Oh Lord, what do you want me to do?"

Lynette: "All your rich friends have nannies. A-list nannies. I need to catch one--here you go--without their bosses."

Bree: "Why?"

Lynette: "So I can poach me one."

Bree: "Lynette..."

Lynette: "Look, at my old job, we didn't wait for good people to come to us. We went out and raided other companies. I don't see why it should be different when you're hiring a nanny."

Bree: "I understand that good help is hard to find, but stealing a family's nanny is so...unseemly."

Lynette: "I'm not twisting anyone's arm. If I make a better offer, why shouldn't a qualified person reap the benefits? So come on...where can I score some high grade nanny?"

Outside

John is putting supplies in his truck when Gabrielle walks up to him.

John: "Hey, Mrs. Solis. I have some awesome news."

Gabrielle: "I have some not-so-awesome news, so you go first."

John: "I broke it off with Danielle. I passed her a note during French class. So we can be together."

Gabrielle: "John, your timing is impeccable."

John: "What do you mean?"

Gabrielle: "Susan Mayer saw us last night, and she knows everything."

John sighs.

Outside of Bree's House

Bree closes the trunk to her minivan and walks to the front lawn with some fertilizer. Andrew, in his second-story bedroom, has the window open and leans outside. He catches sight of Bree. She looks up and sees him and starts inside.

"Since the accident, Bree had started to worry that her son's sense of morality was going up in smoke."

Andrew quickly pulls his head back into the room and starts cleaning up the remnants of something he was smoking.

"She was right to be concerned."

Bree knocks on the door.

Bree: "Andrew, can I come in?"

Andrew waves the air.

Andrew: "Uh, yeah, just a sec."

He opens the door.

Andrew: "Hey, what's up?"

Bree: "Why are you smiling?"

Andrew: "Ummm.. It's just a joke that I heard."

Bree: "Oh. What was it about?"

Andrew: "It's kind of dirty, Mom."

Bree: "Charming. What I was wondering was if you've bothered to spend any time reflecting on the reasons that you've been grounded, and all the pain that you've caused the Solis family."

Andrew: "Yeah, I, I totally get how actions have affected, like, everything else."

Bree: "Really?"

Andrew: "Uh-huh. Like, I mean, you know, like, when I do something, like I did. And, you know, you guys do something like you did, which is, which is, you know, cool because uh, then everything just kind of balances itself out, and, and goes all, smooth again, you know?"

Bree: "No, I don't."

She pauses and sniffs the air.

Bree: "What's that smell? Have you been smoking marijuana?"

Bree grabs his head and stares at Andrew's eyes."

Andrew: "No. Of course not."

Bree: "You are strung out!"

Andrew: "No! No, no, no, Mom"

Bree: "Excuse me,"

She storms past him out of the room, leaving Andrew standing there speechless with his hands out in front of him. She goes to the kitchen, searching in the cabinets for something.

Bree returns with a plastic cup. She hands it to him.

Andrew: "What's that?"

Bree: "It's the container you'll be urinating into."

She grabs him by the ear and starts dragging him.

Andrew: "Ow! Ow! Ow! That hurts!"

Paul's House

Paul stands at the sink, scrubbing at bloody clothing in a wash basin. The blood is not coming out He throws the clothing into a garbage bag when somebody knocks at the door.

Paul: "Dr. Sicher, what are you doing here?"

Dr. Sicher: "Mr. Young, I, I didn't want to upset you by telling you over the phone."

Paul: "What is it?"

Dr. Sicher: "Zach is missing from Silvercrest. It happened yesterday evening. We think it happened during the shift change. I know this is difficult to hear. I'm sorry."

Paul: "Yeah, well, it's, uh, just been one of those days."

Outside of John's House

John and a friend are playing basketball.

Friend: "I still don't get while you're not with Danielle anymore. She looked so slutty at Ray's party."

John: "She's not my type, I guess."

Friend: "What? Oh, you still hung up on your mysterious married lady? What is it with her, besides the obvious, of course?"

John: "We talk about real stuff, you know? She doesn't treat me like some lame yard boy."

Friend: "But you are a lame yard boy."

John: "It's all messed up now, anyway. Her friend found out about us. When it gets out, her husband is going to kill me."

Friend: "But on the upside..."

Helen, John's mother, walks outside, unbeknownst to the boys, carrying the trash.

Friend: "...your social status at school is going to explode when people find out you're doing a hot housewife!"

John: "Shut up, dude!"

Helen stands there frozen.

Paul's House

Paul: "Please explain to me how he could just walk out. With the money that I pay you people, I would think you could afford a padlock."

Dr. Sicher: "With all due respect, we are not a high security facility. And you have restricted our ability to treat Zach."

Paul: "What the hell does that mean?"

Dr. Sicher: "You've insisted that we medicate him without psychotherapy. That is a recipe for disaster. Zach is a troubled young man, and he is getting progressively worse."


Susan's House

Zach looks out a window.

Julie: "Hungry?"

Zach: "Starving."

She hands him a plate.

Valley View Park

"Bree had given Lynette the low down on Valley View Park. It was a gathering place for upscale nannies and their young charges. It was Lynette's first time there, and she was determined not to go home alone."

She walks past a nanny blowing bubble gum and reading a magazine.

"Of course, Lynette had high standards, so making a connection..."

She walks past a nanny picking several French fries up off the ground, about to eat them

"...wasn't easy. Still, she was desperate to find that special someone..."

She walks past an older nanny with a popsicle in her hand, asleep on the bench, quietly snoring.

"And that's exactly who she found."

Lynette stops behind the bench of a young nanny with two children in front of her.

Claire: "Okay. All-righty. Here's one for you and one for Amy."

She gives the girl a kiss.

Claire: "All right. Have fun..." she winks, "...and I'll be right here if you need me, okay?"

The children run off.

"From the moment she saw her..."

Lynette: "Is this seat taken?"

Claire: "Nope, go ahead."

"...Lynette knew she had to have her."

Lynette: "You know, I couldn't help but notice how wonderful you are with those children."

Claire: "Thanks."

Lynette: "I'm Lynette."

Claire: "Claire."

Lynette: "Claire? I've always loved that name. So Claire..." She laughs. "Do you come here often?"

Golf Course

Rex is walking toward his golf ball on the course. A golf cart with Bree in it approaches Rex on the course. She gets out and walks toward him. She hands him a plastic container with a yellow liquid.

Rex: "What's this?"

Bree: "Your son's urine."

Rex (to his golf partner): "I'm gonna need a moment,"

Bree: "I think Andrew has been smoking marijuana, so I want you to take this and get it tested right away."

Rex: "Why?"

Bree: "Because I want you to pull him from the swim team and I don't think you'll allow it without proof."

Rex: "Proof or no proof, you're not going to take him off the team."

Bree: "Yes, I am."

Rex: "If you try, I'm going to go to the coach and tell him to ignore you. We're not gonna screw up Andrew's future just because he sparked a dooby! I mean, come on, we've all done it!"

Bree: "Not all of us! Rex, I thought you moved back home to try and straighten Andrew out! To, to teach him the consequences of his actions. I don't understand why you're fighting me on this."

Rex: "Because I disagree. Because we're still getting divorced, and I don't have to let you push me around anymore."

Bree: "I never pushed you around. We always made our decisions together."

Rex: "No, you always made decisions, and tell me I agreed. Eighteen years of smiling and taking it. What, what a liar I was! Thank God you're out of my life!"

Bree: "Rex!"

Rex: "Hmmm?"

He turns.

She throws Andrew's urine all over Rex.

Rex: "What the hell are you doing?"

Bree: "The same thing you just did to every memory I have of our marriage."

She gets back in the golf cart.

Rex: "You know what? If you were my mom, I'd smoke pot too!"

Valley View Park

Lynette: "So your boss made you return her underwear?"

Claire: "Yep. After she had already worn 'em once."

Lynette: "Couldn't you have just said no?"

Claire: "You don't say no to Alexis. If you want to keep your job."

Lynette: "She sounds awful."

Claire: "What can I do? I love the kids."

Lynette: "Well, if we had a nanny like you at my house, we would treat her like gold. Did I mention I have four very loveable kids?"

Claire: "Really."

Lynette: "Oh, yes."

Claire becomes upset suddenly and starts packing up the items around her.

Claire: "Oh no."

Lynette: "What?"

Claire: "It's Alexis. I don't want her to get the wrong idea, so you should go."

Lynette: "Are you going to be here tomorrow? I want to see you again."

Claire: "No, I'm busy."

Lynette: "I just want to talk."

Claire: "Lynette, this isn't right."

Lynette: "Claire, Claire, please."

Claire pulls a business card out of her purse and gives it to Lynette

Claire: "All right. I will be at this address until noon tomorrow. Now go!"

Lynette leaves and Claire picks up her items to meet Alexis.

Outside Susan's House

Susan is sitting on a wicker sofa on her front lawn, painting. John walks toward her.

Susan: "What are you doing here?"

John: "I know you know, and you're probably freaking out, so I just wanted to explain. What me and Mrs. Solis have -- it's deep -- you know. We've got a future, it's not just sex."

Susan: "Listen to me. There is no future for you and Gabrielle. She's not going to divorce Carlos and run away with you."

John: "Why not?"

Susan: "Because he has money. A lot of it."

John: "Look, I'm not going to be mowing lawns forever. I have big plans for my life."

Susan (stands up): "Okay. Just stop talking. John, how old are you?"

John: "Almost eighteen."

Susan: "Exactly. You are not mature enough to have a realistic perspective on this relationship. You would be so much happier with a girl your own age."

John: "She's the one I want. You know, I really love her."

Susan sighs and caresses John's face.

Across the street, Helen sits in her car, watching.

Fashion Show

As a woman walks down the runway, Tom Scavo is the runway announcer.

Tom: "Please welcome Mrs. Arlene Norn. We have Arlene and her husband Norris to thank for all our folding chairs this evening. So, please remember for all your folding chair needs...rent Norn's."

In the back, Gabrielle helps Betty into a tight dress.

Tom: "Next up we have Mrs. Betty Nolan."

Gabrielle pushes Mrs. Nolan towards the stage and turns back to the rest of the back stage.

Gabrielle: "Thank god Tom could fill in at the last minute."

Bree: "Why did Carlos have to back out?"

Gabrielle: "Some work emergency. He wouldn't talk about it. Sometimes I could just kill him."

Lynette: "Well, look on the bright side, Tom's having the time of his life."

She peeks out onto the runway where Betty scampers off stage and Tom turns his head to watch her go.

Tom: "Hands off, fellas. She's all mine."

Lynette: "I guess he does have a sort of dorky charm."

Gabrielle: "Okay, you're up first, followed by Lynette, uh, and then Edie...Edie. Where's Edie Britt?"

Edie walks in.

Edie: "Over here..."

The black dress Mrs. Huber was supposed to wear is now on Edie, but it's been cut down to reflect Edie's style.

Gabrielle: "Edie, what did you do to that dress?"

Edie: "Well, I made it audience friendly. Can you tell I'm not wearing any underwear?"

Gabrielle: "Yes!"

Edie ( curtsies ): "Good."

Susan: "Sorry I'm late."

Lynette: "You should never take this dress off for your entire life!"

Susan: "Really? I look okay?"

Bree: "Oh, Susan, you look so gorgeous." She turns to Edie. "Doesn't she, Edie?"

Edie: "Huh. It's a bit much."

Bree: "Gabrielle, you have to change the lineup. Susan has to go last. Nothing is going to top this."

Susan: "Oh no, isn't Helen Rowland going last?"

Lynette: "Oh, she never showed up, somebody's got to take her place."

Gabrielle: "You know, I think that's a great idea! Okay, let's go!"

The others walk away and Gabrielle steps up to Susan.

Gabrielle: "You really do look fantastic."

Gabrielle smiles at Susan, almost painfully. Susan walks away without saying a word.

Tom: "Next up, we have Mrs. Bree Van de Kamp in a pink party dress with laser-cut full skirt and silk belt. And here is another exquisite ball gown by Halston, modeled by the devastatingly sexy Lynette Scavo. Notice the fine detail, the clean lines. The dress is nice too. Next up, please welcome Edie..."

Cheers and whistles from the crowd as Tom falters.

Tom: "...Brit. Edie Britt!"

Helen walks in and hands her dress to a young man in a black t-shirt.

Helen: "Please tell Gabrielle I'm sorry I backed out of the show. I'm just not in a very festive mood right now."

Susan: "Helen, Helen, you're here! Did they tell you about the change in lineup? I'm going to go last if that's okay."

Helen: "There's a special place in hell for people like you."

Susan: "I'm sorry, it wasn't my decision."

Helen slaps Susan hard.

Helen: "You're an adult, take some responsibility!"

Susan: "What is wrong with you?"

Helen shoves Susan backwards.

On the runway, Edie steps forward provocatively, and eases out of the long black jacket she was wearing, revealing that the dress she's wearing doesn't cover much.

Tom: "Edie is wearing a dignified classic, perfect for a Sunday tea or Christenings."

The catfight continues backstage.

Susan: "Oh! Ow! For God's sake, Helen, this is for charity!"

On stage, Edie turns around and begins walking back.

Tom: "Edie Brit, everyone!"

Backstage, Helen reaches down and rips off the bottom of Susan's dress.

Helen: "Keep your hands off my son!"

Susan: "What?"

On stage...

Tom: "And, uh, finally, to cap off our evening..."

A guy in a black t-shirt approaches Susan.

Guy: "Come on, you're up."

He drags Susan to where she has to make her entrance.

Susan: "I thought that..."

Tom: "...please welcome, Susan Mayer!"

Susan is pushed into the spotlight. She cowers, her hands on her thighs, leaning forward ungainly.

All the ladies stare. Edie chuckles quietly.

Gabrielle: "Tom, say something!"

Tom (looks at his note cards): "A vision in white silk, chiffon..."

Susan takes small steps forward, her hands gathering the dangling part of her dress to cover her thighs. Her right shoe dangles awkwardly.

Tom: "...with gold, hand-painted French lace, and lavender..."

Susan attempts a small smile as her friends start the applause, and the audience kindly joins in.

Tom: "Susan Mayer."

Then Susan turns and hurries out.

Edie: "She's never looked better!"

She laughs.

Backstage, a very quiet Susan is putting her clothing back on.

Gabrielle: "Susan, I feel awful about what happened. Susan, talk to me!"

Susan: "Okay, you want me to talk? You're going to find Helen Rowland, and you're going to tell her the truth, before everyone in this neighborhood thinks that I'm the one sleeping with an underage boy."

Gabrielle: "I can't do that!"

Susan: "Why not?"

Gabrielle: "Because she'll tell Carlos, and he'll divorce me!"

Susan: "So what? You obviously don't love him."

Gabrielle: "I do love him! I do! It's just complicated! You know, there's, there's got to be another way to fix this."

Susan: "God, you are so weak!"

Susan turns to leave.

Gabrielle: "Susan, don't be like this!"

Susan: "What did you expect-a hug?"

Outside Alexis' House

Lynette walks to the house where Claire told her to be. The house has a lot of toys in the front. Claire comes running out the front door.

Lynette: "Hey."

Claire: "Shhh.

Lynette: "...I took..."

Claire: "Alexis is still here."

Lynette: "What?"

Claire: "She was supposed to go to Pilates, but she got her period. You've got to go."

Lynette: "Just give me a second."

Claire: "No, she saw you at the park. okay? She knows what you're trying to do. You're not the first person to approach me."

Alexis: "Claire!"

Lynette: "How can you stay here after the way she treats you?"

Claire: "She can be tough, but it comes with the territory, right?"

Lynette: "I would never treat you that way."

Alexis: "Claire, what did you do with the aspirin?"

Lynette: "I will give you a 20% bump on what she is paying you, plus overtime."

Alexis: "Damn it, Claire, where the hell are you?"

Claire: "I don't take orders from your friends, I'm not a telephone answering service, and I don't do laundry."

Lynette: "Dishes?"

Claire: "Only the kids'."

Lynette: "How fast can you pack?"

They shake on it. Claire goes back inside and Lynette runs back to her van, doing a little dance as she does so.

Lynette: "I've got a nanny..."

Susan's House

Julie empties out a wooden chest on her bed. Dollars and coins fall out.

Julie: "Where are you gonna go?"

Zach: "I don't know. But I can't go home."

Julie: "Are you afraid of your dad?"

Zach: "No, it's not him, all right? It's, it's me. My life is really messed up. It's bad."

Julie: "What's bad? You can tell me."

She puts her hand on his arm and he flinches away.

Zach: "No, I can't! It's better that you don't know."

Julie walks to her dresser and removes the blanket with the word "Dana" on it. She shows it to him.

Julie: "I already know a little."

She hands the blanket to Zach. He touches the blanket, looking at the word "Dana." and starts to tear up.

Outside Bree's House

Bree walks outside to meet her daughter, who's coming up the walk.

Bree: "Hi, Danielle, how was school?"

Danielle: "It was okay."

Bree: "Good. Where does Andrew keep his marijuana?"

Locker Room

Bree is in the boy's locker room adjacent to the pool. She walks up to a locker and looks at a laminated list she's holding. It reads "Numbers of Relevance" and includes both Andrew's and Danielle's school locker combinations. She opens his locker.

"Bree had resorted to extreme measures to save her son's soul. As she rummaged through Andrew's private possessions..."

Bree finds the marijuana stuffed into a sock. She puts it in her purse.

"...it occurred to her that sometimes a little betrayal is good for the soul."

Bree puts the marijuana back where she found it.

Susan's House

Susan and Zach sit by her bed in her room.

Zach: "I was really young, like four. I heard my mom and my dad yelling. I heard them yell my name and hers."

Julie: "Dana?"

Zach: "Um hm. So I went down to the room, and I saw them cleaning it up."

Julie: "Cleaning what up?"

Zach: "Blood."

Julie: "Was it Dana's?"

Zach: "I think so. I couldn't remember this for the longest time. And then my mom killed herself and I started having these dreams. I don't even see Dana. I just, I see, I see the blood, and my mom picking me up, and putting, putting me on the bed, and whispering that it's not my fault. But after that, every time I'd say her name, they'd get upset. I wasn't even allowed to say it anymore."

Julie: "I'm not sure I understand what you're saying."

Zach: "I killed my baby sister."

Julie: "Zach. Oh my god."

Zach: "And they buried her. To protect me."

Julie leans forward and hugs Zach. And then he leans forward and kisses her lightly on the lips.

Helen Rowland's House

Gabrielle parks her car across from the house and walks up to Helen, who's just come outside.

Gabrielle: "Helen! Do you have a minute?"

Helen: "Oh, Gabrielle, I didn't get a chance to tell you how sorry I was about what happened at the fundraiser. I didn't intend to cause a scene."

Gabrielle: "No, it's okay, people didn't even notice."

Helen: "Well, this is a little awkward. I know you are friends with Susan Mayer. But let's just say. I had my reasons."

Gabrielle: "It wasn't Susan. It was me."

Helen: "What?"

Gabrielle: "I'm the one who was sleeping with your son. I'm so sorry."

Helen: "For how long?"

Gabrielle: "Almost a year. But it's over now."

Helen: "So, when it started, he was sixteen?"

Gabrielle: "I think..."

Helen reaches into her mail box and takes out the mail.

Gabrielle: "But Helen, you have to believe me. It's over now."

Helen: "No, you're wrong. it's not even close to being over."

She turns away and walks back up to her door.

School

Andrew's friend: "Dude, coach wants to see you."

Andrew: "Really? Hey, I bet it's about my scholarship."

Andrew walks into the locker room. His locker is open, with the coach standing next to it. The bag of marijuana is in plain sight. The coach takes it out and waves it in front of Andrew's face.

Bree's House

Bree's arranging flowers when the phone rings.

Bree: "Hello? Yes, this is she... Marijuana in his locker? Oh, I'm just...horrified. There must be some sort of terrible mistake. Um, yeah, okay. Well, I will be right down."

Bree finishes arranging the flowers and smiles.

Lender's Shop

A man sands down a box.

"Elsewhere, another darker secret was the object of an investigation."

A man in a dark suit walks in.

Detective Beckerman (shouting): "Mr. Lender! Mr. Lender!"

Mr. Lender: "Huh?"

He turns off the saw and turns around.

Detective Beckerman: "Detective Beckerman. This is Detective Burnett. We were hoping for a minute of your time."

Nighttime; Outside Susan's House

Susan walks up to her house. She sees Paul talking to Julie and she walks hurriedly up to them.

Paul: "...if you know anything about Zach's whereabouts you need to tell me now."

Susan: "Honey, what's going on?"

Paul: "Zach's gone from Silvercrest. They found letters in his room. Letters from Julie."

Susan: "Well yes, they were writing to each other."

Paul: "I need to see those letters."

Julie: Mom, they're private."

Paul: "My son is missing."

Susan: "Julie, in the letters, did Zach say anything about running away?"

Julie: "No."

Susan: "There's your answer."

Paul: "Susan."

Susan: "If we hear anything, I will let you know right away. I understand how worried you must be."

Paul: "Obviously you don't."

Susan: "Paul, my daughter doesn't lie."

Paul walks away and Susan rubs Julie's hand reassuringly. Julie looks at her, worried.

Detective's Office

Mr. Lender looks through photos of the recovered box Paul threw into the river.

Mr. Lender: "This is a very popular design. I must have sold several hundred of these just like it, about ten years back."

Detective Beckerman: "You keep any kind of documentation?"

Mr. Lender: "Yeah, I have a list of customers names on file. Somewhere. It's been a while."

Detective Burnett: "We'll need a copy of that list."

Mr. Lender: "Oh sure. Wow, this chest looks like it's been through hell."

Detective Beckerman: "Yeah, we pulled it out of Rockwater Lake. You could say 'by way of hell', considering."

Mr. Lender: "Was there anything in the chest?"

Detective Burnett: "It had a body inside. Adult female."

Mr. Lender: "Yeah, but how do you fit a body into a chest that size?"

Detective Beckerman: "It was chopped up."

He walks away from a wall where many photographs are of the box and its contents. As the camera pulls away, gruesome forensic pictures of chopped up bones, both stuffed in the box, and laid out on a table, are seen in the photos.

Bree's House

Bree gets dinner on the table while Rex berates Andrew.

Rex: "Of all the stupid, boneheaded decisions. What were you thinking?"

Andrew: "I was set up. All right? The coach got an anonymous phone call."

Rex: "Andrew, what does it matter. The pot was there!"

Andrew: "I was holding it for a friend!"

Rex: "You know, I can't decide which is more humiliating. The fact that my son got caught with pot in his locker, or that he can't even come up with a decent enough lie to explain it!"

He walks away. Andrew shakes his head and goes to look at his mother. Bree, settin the table, looks back.

Susan's House

Carlos is going through papers.

"Gabrielle believed there was an excellent chance Helen Rowland would inform Carlos of his wife's extramarital activities. Gabrielle knew she had to come clean."

Gabrielle: "Carlos."

Carlos: "Yeah."

"But coming clean..."

Gabrielle: "I uh."

"...was not one of Gabrielle's specialties."

Gabrielle: "I'm going to bed."

Carlos: "Thanks for the news flash."

Gabrielle sees police cars pull up in front of the house, lights flashing.

She gasps.

Gabrielle ( quietly ): "She turned me in."

She rushes back to her husband and falls on her knees in front of him.

Gabrielle: "Carlos! Carlos! I am so sorry! I am so sorry!"

Carlos: "Sorry for what?"

Gabrielle: "Just know that whatever happens, I love you very, very much!"

Knocking is heard on the door.

FBI: "FBI, open the door."

Knocking is again heard on the door.

Carlos: "Oh my God..."

FBI: "FBI, if you do not open the door, I am authorized to enter the premises by use of force."

Carlos opens the door.

FBI: "Carlos Solis, I have a warrant for your arrest. You have the right to remain silent."

Gabrielle: "Huh?"

FBI: "Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law."

Carlos: "Call our lawyer."

FBI: "You have the right to speak with an attorney, or have an attorney present during questioning. If you cannot afford a lawyer, one will be appointed for you at government expense."

One of the FBI men hands Gabrielle a piece of paper.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, wait!"

Carlos: "Gabrielle, this will all be taken care of, I promise. I'm innocent, I swear to God. It was Tanaka. He set me up."

He's put into the back of the police car and is driven off.

"People are complicated creatures. On the one hand, able to perform great acts of charity."

Remnants of the fashion show are swept up.

"On the other, capable of the most underhanded forms of betrayal."

Carlos sits quietly in a jail cell.

"It's a constant battle that ranges within all of us, between the better angels of our nature, and the temptation of our inner demons."

Bree walks down the hallway, holding laundry. She comes to Andrew's room, where she stops to look in. Andrew is sitting on his bed, crushing out in an ashtray something he was smoking. He gets off the bed and closes the door in Bree's face.

"And sometimes the only way to ward off the darkness..."

Julie, lying on her bed, looks down at Zach, who's sleeping on the floor.

"...is to shine the light of compassion."

Outside Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is sitting quietly on her front porch. Susan comes up to her and sits down.

Gabrielle: "They took him away in handcuffs."

Susan puts her arm around Gabrielle, trying to soothe her.
Maisy Gibbons's House

A hand picks up a hairbrush. The camera pans up to show that Maisy Gibbons is sitting in front of a mirror, brushing her hair.

"To understand Maisy Gibbons, you first need to know how she spent her afternoons."

Maisy drives by in a BMW SUV, waving to Susan and Bree, who are standing outside, talking. They wave back.

"Her mornings were spent running errands for her husband. Her evenings were spent washing dishes and helping with homework."

Maisy, with rubber gloves on, loads the dishwasher, then walks over to the kitchen table, where her young daughter is doing homework.

Maisy: "Okay, so nine plus one is..."

"But her afternoons, well, they were spent in the company of men."

While Mary Alice speaks, Maisy is shown opening up her front door on various days, smiling beautifully as she welcomes all types of men into her home.

"Frustrated. Misunderstood. Lonely men. Willing to pay money to feel a little less lonely. And Maisy Gibbons was willing to help them."

Maisy turns from her mirror as one of her customers speaks as he finishes getting dressed. She begins making the bed.

Customer: "Maisy, I've always wondered, Nobody knows about your little hobby, do they?"

Maisy: "Mm-mm."

Customer: "Is it hard? Keeping a secret like this?"

Maisy: "Well maybe if it was just my secret. But the way I see it, I keep the secrets of every man who comes to me. And I find that absolutely exhilarating. A few years back, Harold lost his job, and we had to give up our membership at the country club. And then one day one of my club friends asked why she hadn't seen me around lately, and I told her that we couldn't afford it anymore. She waved it off like it was nothing. But I saw her...get that look in her eye, that look of...pity."

Customer: "Maybe she was just trying to be nice. Anyway, is that so bad, feeling sorry for someone?"

Maisy: "When they say something, they are being supportive. But when they say nothing, it's because they think that you're so far gone you're never coming back."

Customer: "Gotcha."

Maisy: "Anyway, a couple of months later, I started my little hobby...and the most wonderful thing happened. This woman's husband became one of my regulars."

Customer: "Wow."

The doorbell rings.

Maisy: "Oh, would you be a lamb and go out the back? It's my next appointment."

Customer: "Sure."

Maisy: "It's the husband of the woman I was telling you about."

Maisy opens up the front door, smiling.

Maisy: "Hello there."

Rex: "Hey, Maisy."

He steps inside, kissing her on her cheek as she closes the front door.

Credits

Courtroom

"Every morality play has its cast of characters. There is always an innocent victim..."

Gabrielle sits in the courtroom, looking worried.

"...a deceitful villain..."

Carlos, in an orange jail outfit, sits at a table with his lawyer.

"...a prosecutor who seeks the truth..."

A no-nonsense woman in a business suit sits at the other table in the courtroom, an open laptop in front of her.

"...a magistrate that dispenses justice..."

The judge, Judge Sullivan, takes a file someone hands her.

"...and a lawyer who charges too much."

Carlos's lawyer looks through some papers in front of him.

"This morality play was being produced at the Fairview County Courthouse. Its themes were trust and betrayal."

Judge Sullivan: "So, what's your issue with bail in this case, Ms. McCready?

Ms. McCready: "We want bail denied, your honor. The defendant's company imported goods manufactured by slave labor, and his business partner, Mr. Tenaka, has already fled the country. And Mr. Solis, himself, has refused to surrender his passport."

Judge Sullivan: "Dog ate your client's passport, Mr. Hartley?"

Mr. Hartley: "It's been temporarily misplaced, your honor, but we maintain that Akisha Tenaka set up and executed the entire operation. Mr. Solis is no business partner, but merely a hired contractor. And I'd also like to point out that my client is the sole provider of his wife, and his mother, who is hospitalized in a coma as we speak."

Judge Sullivan: "Bring me the passport, and Mr. Solis can visit his mother. Until then, your client is denied bail and remanded. What's next?"

She bangs down her gavel, and Carlos is escorted from the courtroom by a bailiff. He looks at Gabrielle as he leaves. Gabrielle hangs her head.

Lynette's House

Lynette: "You better finish those brussel sprouts. And don't think I can't see them hidden under your macaroni."

Twin: "I hate brussel sprouts."

Lynette: "Yeah? Well, brussel sprouts help you grow. You don't want to be short your whole life, do you? Here, look, you know what we'll do? We're gonna dip them in a little cheese. Here you go. Good, yummy!"

He spits it out.

The boys get up from the table to run off.

Lynette: "Fine, fine. Be three foot eight the rest of your life. See if I care. Good luck finding girlfriends!"

Claire walks in.

Claire: "Hey, didn't you have a lunch today?"

Lynette: "I'm going to cancel it. The boys are in rare form, and you're still finding your way."

Claire: "Lynette. It's been two days."

Lynette: "I...don't want to...shock them, by suddenly disappearing. You know? Deep down, they're very sensitive."

The two of them look at the boys who are ignoring the women as they throw their toys around.

Claire: "They'll be fine. Now go. Get out of here."

Lynette: "You have my cell phone number. You call me if you need anything."

Claire: "I will."

Lynette: "Okay. You boys. Come here and give mamma a three-bear hug."

They come running.

Lynette: "Come on, one, two, three, get in, get in!"

Bear 1: "Bye, mom!"

Bear 2: "Bye, mom!"

Bear 3: "Bye!"

Lynette: "Okay."

She leaves.

Susan's House

Julie spoons Chinese food from a take-out container onto a plate. Off-camera, Mike and Susan can be heard flirting.

Mike: "Just, watch your hands..."

Julie: "Um, I'm going to eat upstairs. I've got a ton of homework."

Susan: "What are you, storing up for winter?"

Julie: "I'm just...really hungry. Oh, I talked to Dad today, and apparently, he and Brandi might break up."

Susan: "Oh, how awful!"

Julie: "Mom, you're smiling."

Susan: "Am I? Hmm."

Julie: "Anyway, because of all the drama, he can't take me this weekend, so...I'll be home after all. Good night!"

She runs upstairs with her food, leaving Mike and Susan alone.

Susan: "Oh great, our romantic weekend is off."

Mike: "We could move it to my house."

Susan: "No."

Mike: "Why not?"

Susan: "I just, I just want it to be special."

Mike: "And it can't be special at my house."

Susan: "Okay. I know this sounds weird, but I just need to have my things around me."

Mike: "What things?"

Susan: "Perfumes and oils. And I want to pick out the outfit that you are going to tear off me. And plus, I need to be in complete control of the lighting."

Mike: "Okay, we'll wait until next weekend."

Susan: "You are just the sweetest guy."

She leans over to kiss him, and they end up kissing for a long, extended time.

Mike: "I can't wait 'til next weekend."

Susan: "No, me neither."

Mike: "What about tomorrow when Julie's at school? I've got an early job and that's it."

Susan: "Oh, no good. My publisher's got me under the gun for something. What about Friday?"

Mike: "Mmm. I'm repiping the house."

Susan: "Damn, Karl, I'm not even married to him anymore and he's still keeping me from having sex."

She stabs her food with her fork.

Julie's Room

Zach eats the food Julie brought him.

Julie: "I can't hide you in my room forever, and I think we need to tell my mom. You can trust her, I promise."

Zach: "You didn't tell her what I told you, did you?"

Julie: "No! No, no. I would never tell anyone that."

Zach gets up.

Julie: "What are you doing?

Zach: "I don't want to cause problems for you. I'm just, I'm just going to go."

Julie: "Zach, stop. Don't go. I won't tell her."

Zach: "I swear, I'll be out of here soon. I'll think of something, okay?"

Bree's House

Bree is playing solitaire, dressed for bed. Rex comes into the house.

Bree: "Hello."

Rex: "Why are you up?"

Bree: "I could ask you the same question."

Rex: "I'm going to bed. I didn't ask you to wait up for me. Remember, I'm here as our children's father, not your husband."

Bree picks up the jacket he just took off, and sniffs the collar.

Rex: "What are you doing?"

Bree: "Were you with a woman? Did you tell her that you have a wife, or does that hinder your pick-up style?"

Rex: "All right. Even if I was seeing someone, I have every right to. Exploring options is the whole point of being separated!"

Bree: "Options! I'm not a mutual fund, Rex!"

Rex: "Oh, that's not...Bree, you should get out there. Try and meet someone."

Bree: "Meet someone. I'm raising your children."

Rex: "I am just trying to move on with my life. It is nothing to be ashamed of!"

Bree: "Oh, okay. I tell you what then. Why don't you just call up your mystery woman and invite her over. I'll pull out the sofa bed and you can take her right there. Andrew! Danielle! Daddy's gonna fornicate for us!"

Rex: "Keep your voice down."

Bree: "Why, are you feeling ashamed?"

She pushes past him.

Outside Mrs. Huber's House

"The next morning started with a banging."

Edie stands on Mrs. Huber's porch, banging loudly on the door.

"No one knew where Martha Huber was, and Edie Britt was starting to worry. Edie didn't like worrying. She felt it gave her wrinkles. So, out of concern for her face and Mrs. Huber, Edie decided to find out what was going on."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle rifles quickly through a drawer with papers in it. Finding nothing important, she closes the drawer and finds Yao Lin.

Gabrielle: "Yao Lin, listen to me. It's very important that we find Carlos' passport. I've already looked through his office, so I need you to search the bedroom."

Yao Lin stares at Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "What?"

Yao Lin: "With Mr. Solis in jail, how are you going to pay me? I have children."

Gabrielle: "Yao Lin, your kids are in their twenties. If it'll make you shut up..."

Gabrielle writes a check.

Gabrielle: "Here. Three weeks in advance."

Yao Lin: "If you don't mind, can I call your bank?"

Gabrielle: "Yao Lin, don't be stupid. People don't become poor overnight."

Gabrielle looks out the window where a tow truck is hooking her car up to be towed.

Gabrielle: "Huh? That's my car! Oh my god!"

Gabrielle runs outside.

Gabrielle: "Hey! Hey! What are you doing? Where are you taking my car?"

Tow guy: "The government is impounding it. Here's your receipt. Call that number if you have any questions."

He drives off. Gabrielle watches it leave and notices some neighbors watching.

Gabrielle: "You call this a paint job?! I don't want to see it again until it's perfect!"

She glances quickly at the couple watching her and then storms into the house.

Bree's House

Bree irons shirts while Lynette sits nearby.

Lynette: "I wonder what's going on over there. I mean, Claire did okay with the kids yesterday, but that could have been beginner's luck. Do you think I should call? I should call!"

Bree: "Lynette, for the first time in years you finally have some free time, and you're wasting it obsessing about the kids."

Lynette: "It's just, I don't know this woman, I mean, not really. So she has a degree in sociology. Well big deal, who doesn't? My boys are a lot to handle. What if she's not up to it?"

Bree: "You know, if you really have that many doubts, you should go buy a hidden camera."

Lynette (laughing): "What, a nanny cam?"

Bree: "Yeah. People do terrible things when they think no one is watching them."

Lynette: "Yeah. I don't really think I could videotape Claire. It would be a breach of trust."

Bree: "Trust is overrated."

Lynette: "So, how are things with you and Rex?"

Bree: "Fine. Why do you ask?"

Lynette: "Well, I'm just curious. I mean, he moves out, he moves back in. Is he back for good?"

Bree: "Uh, the situation is, um, fluid. I'm not certain what his plans are yet."

Lynette: "So if you're not sure he's back for good, why are you ironing his shirts?"

Bree: "Because I have faith that he'll come back. And that he'll do the right thing."

Lynette: "That's good. It's good to have faith in people."

Bree: "Yeah. But I'd still buy that camera."

Susan's House

Susan licks an envelope and then sees Mike's truck drive by. She gets up and watches him park in his driveway, then go into his house. She smiles.

Later, dressed in lingerie, Susan calls Mike on the phone.

Mike: "Hello."

Susan: "Mike."

Mike: "Yeah."

Susan: "My oven's out.

Mike: "Uh huh."

Susan: Come over and help my find my pilot light."

She hangs up, then turns on the stereo to the song Here I Am (Come And Take Me). As she gets ready for Mike to come over by throwing rose petals on the bed and floor, she sings along, dancing as she sings.

Susan: "Oh, candles, candles!"

She goes into Julie's room and grabs some scented candles. As she dances her way out, Zach hides behind the door, unseen by Susan.

Mike heads out of his house, heading towards Susan's.

Zach walks down the hallway, but the floor beneath him creaks. Susan hears it.

Susan: "Mike? Mike, is that you? I'm up here!"

Susan gets on the bed and positions herself.

Mike gets to Susan's house and finds a note taped to the front door reading "Come on in! "

He smiles and opens the door. Zach, who had just been heading down the stairs, quickly heads back upstairs. When he gets to Susan's open door, he pauses, and the floor beneath him creaks again.

Susan: "Mike?"

Nobody answers, so Susan gets off her bed and quietly goes across her room. Zach creeps back down the hallway. Susan removes a thigh master from her closet and creeps toward her door.

Zach hides behind a door and Susan comes out of her room, swinging the thigh master furiously, and hitting Mike, who falls backwards.

Susan: "Oh my god!"

Mike: "What the hell!"

Susan: "I'm so sorry, I thought there was someone in the house."

Mike: "So you took your clothes off?"

Susan: "No. My clothes were already off. I was going to seduce you."

Mike: "It didn't really work."

Susan: "Oh, I'm sorry, are you okay?"

She begins kissing his face.

Mike: "Oh..."

When he stops responding, Susan realizes that he's looking past her. She turns around and sees Zach in the doorway, looking at them.

Zach: "Please don't be mad."

Susan's House, Later

Julie comes home from school.

Julie: "Hey, there!"

She notices Zach sitting at the kitchen table with Susan and Mike standing by it.

Julie: "Zach, what are you doing here?"

Lynette's House

"Later that day, while Claire was out getting the boys wired on ice cream, Lynette did some wiring of her own."

Lynette sets up a hidden camera in a big ceramic Mr. Toad. She holds it up to eye-level and smiles. She then places it on the refrigerator. She goes over to a small TV on the counter and turns it on. The image from the camera is shown on the TV.

Lynette takes a teddy bear and stands in front of the camera, but watches herself on the TV. Gently, she cradles the teddy bear like a baby. Then, holding it at arm's length, she shakes the bear. Then she slaps the bear several times across the face. Then she throws it off to the side, looks directly at the camera, and shrugs, satisfied.

Susan's House

Julie: "No you can't do this, you can't send Zach back!"

Susan: "Julie, what else can I do? He can't stay here!"

Julie: "His father sent him to a psycho ward!"

Zach: "Actually, they call it a rehabilitation center."

Susan (to Mike): "What do you think?"

Mike: "Paul is his father. He has a right to know his son's okay. And, he finds out you're hiding him, you'll get in a lot of trouble."

Susan: "He's right. Sorry, guys!"

Julie: "Mom, please don't do this! If you knew what Zach had been through-"

Zach: "Julie! Julie. It's okay. I'll be fine."

They hug.

Mike: "I'll, uh, take him back over so you two can..."

Susan: "Listen, if Paul sees Zach and freaks out..."

Mike: "I'll bring him right back."

Susan: "Thank you."

Mike and Zach leave.

Susan: "Young lady, we need to talk about what you did."

Julie: "I really don't feel like talking to you right now."

She runs up the stairs.

Outside, Mike and Zach walk to Paul's house.

Mike: "Uh, listen, Zach. If things ever get really bad..." (hands Zach his business card) "It's got my cell number on it. Give me a call. Any time."

Zach: "Thanks!"

He stays on the sidewalk as Mike goes up to the door and knocks. Paul opens the door and sees Zach.

Paul: "Oh, thank god."

He hugs Zach, then turns to Mike.

Paul: "How did you-"

Mike: "We'll talk later." (to Zach) "Remember, any time."

He walks off and Zach and Paul go back inside.


Maisy's House

Maisy slowly removes various sexual toys from her drawer. Behind her, sitting in a chair, with his back to her, sits Rex, naked.

Maisy: "I heard you moved back home."

Rex: "Yeah, I had to. We had some problems with Andrew. I'll move out eventually."

Maisy: "Spikes or pearls?"

Rex: "Your choice."

Maisy puts on the pearl collar.

Maisy: "You know what I think?"

Rex: "Hmmm?"

Maisy: "You don't really want to leave her."

Rex: "Please don't psychoanalyze me."

Maisy: "You're still in love with her."

Rex: "I never said I wasn't."

Maisy: "Then why divorce?"

Rex: "Oh, so now you're rooting for us two crazy kids to work-"

He turns slightly in his chair to look at her, and she pounds her fist on the dresser. Properly rebuffed, he turns back to his original position.

Maisy: "Hey! You know me. I'm just a romantic at heart. Scarves or cuffs?"

Rex: "Up to you. Even if I could find a way to deal with Bree's whole obsessive compulsive thing, it's not the only problem in our marriage. As you know, I have certain needs."

Maisy: "Boots or stilettos."

Rex: "Stilettos, please."

Maisy: "Why don't you just tell Bree what you need? Tell her what you want."

Rex: "Because she'd say no."

Maisy: "So? I've said no to some things you've asked me to do."

Rex: "Yeah, that's different. I don't care if you reject me."

Maisy snaps her fingers and Rex drops to the floor, face down.

Maisy: "Rex, won't you trust me on this? Sometimes, when you love somebody, you just got to make sacrifices for them."

Rex: "Love or passion? It's an awful choice to make."

Maisy: "Yes, it is. And I have to warn you. This might hurt a little bit."

She steps onto his back, wearing the stilettos, and walks slowly on him.

Rex groans as she walks.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle takes the receipt the tow-truck man gave her and slaps it to Carlos's lawyer's chest.

Gabrielle: "How am I supposed to live without a car?"

Lawyer: "Gabrielle, listen. Tanaka is still at large, and they're going to want Carlos to flip on him, so this is their way of playing hardball. Now, I'm guessing that they're not done yet."

Gabrielle: "Why? What else could they take from us?"

Lawyer: "Pretty much anything. It's all fair game if they even think they can trace it to ill-gotten gains."

Gabrielle: "No, no, no. No! Some of this stuff is mine. When I modeled. Before I even met Carlos! See this, costa boda, bought it when I landed my first cover. This, I spent eight hours on a rock in a bikini for that painting!"

Lawyer: "I understand how you feel."

Gabrielle: "No, you don't understand. I have dug myself up from dirt to afford these things, and no one is going to take them away from me!"

Lawyer: "Then I suggest you find yourself a good hiding place. They can't take what they can't find. Oh, and if you could scare up that passport too, that would be good!"

He leaves.

Bree's House

Bree's doorbell rings. She answers the door to see Gabrielle outside.

Bree: "Oh, hi Gabrielle! What have you got there?"

Gabrielle: "My china. I know how you've always loved it, and I thought you might want to borrow it for a while."

She takes the box she's holding and hands it over to Bree.

Bree: "Oh! Well, that's um, very thoughtful of you."

Gabrielle: "Say, um, could I store some odds and ends in your garage?"

Bree: "Sure! Why don't you, uh, come by tomorrow?"

Gabrielle: "Sooner is better than later!"

She rushes off, leaving Bree holding the china.

For the next while, Gabrielle transfers everything of value from her place to Bree's. When she's done, Bree comes over and stands with Gabrielle to look at the garage, which is completely filled now with Gabrielle's belongings.

Gabrielle smiles at Bree, who smiles back, but she clearly doesn't know what to say.

Maisy's House

Rex and Maisy are in the throws of passionate love-making, when suddenly Rex begins to make a weird noise.

Maisy: "Rex? Rex? Rex!"

With one hand attached to Rex's via handcuffs, she tries to grab the phone, but she can't reach it. She quickly uses her other hand to make a call.

Maisy: "I need an ambulance. Right away!"

Bree's House

Bree is in the garage, looking through Gabrielle's things, when the phone rings.

Bree: "Hello. This is she. Yes, he's my husband."

Hospital

Bree rushes up to a nurse's station.

Bree: "Um, excuse me, I'm here to see Rex Van de Kamp. Apparently, he had a heart attack. I'm not sure when - "

Nurse: "He's being prepped for surgery right now. If you'd like to wait."

Bree: "Could I at least poke my head in? I'm his wife."

Nurse: "Your his wife?"

Bree: "Yes. Why?"

Nurse: "I was thinking of a different patient. Let me get the doctor."

She walks off. Bree stares after her, then goes around the desk to look at the nurse's log. She sees Rex's name, then the person who signed Rex in: Maisy Gibbons.

Lynette's House

Claire pours some hot water into a cup of tea, then heads for the stairs, turning off the light in the kitchen.

"As Claire prepared for bed, she was unaware that somewhere else in the Scavo house, the day she had just finished, was starting all over again."

Lynette watches the tape as she lies in bed. Throughout the day, Claire sang to the kids, played puppets with the kids, and made balloon animals. The kids love her.

"Lynette was relieved to see that Claire was doing a good job. And after further viewing, it dawned on Lynette...Claire might be doing her job...a little too well."

On the videotape, Claire is seen holding her arms out to the boys and saying "Come give me a three-bear hug!" The boys all run to hug her.

Susan's House

Susan comes down the stairs to where Julie is reading a book in the living room.

Susan: "Here's the candles I borrowed. Thanks."

Julie: "I'm trying to read, so if you don't mind?"

Susan: "I cannot believe that after everything you did, you're mad at me."

Julie: "I told Zach that he could trust you, and you turned him in."

Susan: "Yeah, well, someone had to be responsible, and like it or not, I've got a birth certificate that says I'm your mother."

Julie: "Since when?"

Susan: "What is that supposed to mean?"

Julie: "Since dad left, if there's been a mother around here, it's been me!"

Susan: "Julie!"

Julie: "Do you remember after the divorce that you stayed in bed for a week, and I had to beg you to eat something?"

Susan: "Yeah, but..."

Julie: "And for weeks, I had to clean the house, I had to make sure that the bills were paid. I even had to schedule my own doctor's appointment once."

Susan: "I was in bad shape back then."

Julie: "It's still going on. And now that I need some support, you decide to play the mom card?"

Susan: "I had to send Zach back. We could have gotten in a lot of trouble."

Julie: "Yeah? Well now Zach's the one who's in trouble. You sent him back to a man who hates him."

She runs up the stairs.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle comes down the stairs of her house and looks around at the nearly-empty house.

"As Gabrielle considered the vast emptiness of her new surroundings, she was surprised to find there was only one thing she truly missed. Her husband."

The doorbell rings. She goes to answer it.

FBI Agent: "Mrs. Solis, a warrant to enter your house and repossess any goods which we suspect may have been obtained..." (he looks around the empty house) "...illegally."

Gabrielle: "We're not into clutter."

Lynette's House

Lynette sits on the couch with her three boys. She picks up a children's book from the coffee table and puts on her reading glasses.

Lynette: "All right. Harvey: The Flying Turtle'. Doesn't this look fun!"

Porter: "Where's Claire?"

Lynette: "I gave her the afternoon off. Who wants to turn pages?"

Preston: "Is she sick?"

Lynette: "No. She's fine. I just wanted us all to spend the day together, you know, like we used to. Here we go. Once upon a time there was a young turtle named Harvey. Every day Harvey would all tell the other turtles, One day I'm going to fly off this island and go see the world.' The other turtles laughed and said Turtles can't fly.' Oh, it's getting good now, huh?"

She looks at her boys, who sit there sadly.

Lynette: "Well, what's wrong?"

Porter: "When Claire reads, she does funny voices."

Lynette: "Does she, now? Okay. Harvey didn't like the turtles laughing, so he told them," (speaking in a different voice) " I'll show you. One day I will fly higher than the birds!'"

Preston: "That's not funny."

Lynette: "Yeah, well, I'm just warming up. Then Bruno, the big bad turtle took Harvey up on a cliff and threw him over, and he proclaimed," (speaking in a different voice) "We'll see if you can fly, fly or die, fly or die!"

Parker: "When's Claire coming back?"

Prison

Gabrielle sits across a table from Carlos, who's in a bright orange prison uniform. Other inmates and their visitors sit at various other tables in the same room.

Carlos: "What happened to all your nails?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, I, I moved all our stuff, to keep it from the feds."

Carlos: "It kills me that I'm putting you through this."

They clasp hands.

Guard: "Hands on the table."

They unclasp hands and each lean back into their chairs.

Gabrielle: "It's not your fault. You didn't do anything wrong. I'll take care of everything until you're back to do it yourself. And you will be soon."

Carlos: "I got to be honest. I didn't know how you would hold up. I knew you were a strong woman, but I had no idea. You're a good wife, Gabby. A real partner."

Gabrielle: "Oh, Carlos, I love you so much! I would give up a house full of expensive junk just to put this behind us, and have you home with me."

Carlos: "That sounds pretty good right now."

By this time, they're both leaning forward. Gabrielle calls out loudly to the guard.

Gabrielle: "I'm going to kiss my husband now!"

Guard: "Hands on the table."

They lean forward and begin kissing. After the first kiss, but still in the kissing position, Carlos begins speaking quietly.

Carlos: "There's a false panel on the back wall of the closet. My passport is there, along with some papers. Take the passport to the lawyer, and burn the papers."

They break the kiss. Gabrielle looks at him with a puzzled expression. He motions with his head and puckers his lips so she'll kiss him again. She puts her lips against his.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, did you know what Tanaka was doing?"

Carlos: "Just burn the papers."

They break the kiss and Gabrielle stares at Carlos.

Outside Lynette's House

Lynette pulls into her driveway and Edie walks up to her.

Edie: "Hey Lynette, did Martha Huber happen to leave a spare key to her house with you?"

Lynette: "No."

Edie: "Oh!."

Lynette: "Where is she, by the way? I haven't seen her in days."

Edie: "You've got me. She kicked me out so fast that I forgot my laptop, and there's just some stuff on there that I don't want anyone else to see."

Lynette: "Oh. Well. Good luck with that."

Edie: "You know, you're not looking half bad. What have you done with that little posse of yours?"

Lynette: "They're with the new nanny."

Edie: "Wow! Your own personal nanny? Swell you!"

Lynette: "Well, trust me, it's not all it's cracked up to be. You know, our mothers were smart. They didn't get us nannies or put us in day care, because they knew, if they did, we'd find out - there are other women out there who were better mothers than they were!"

Edie: "You know, I had a nanny for a while, growing up. Mrs. Muntz."

Lynette: "You had a nanny?"

Edie: "Well, actually, she was more like a court-appointed social worker. My mom did a little time. She had a thing for bourbon and shoplifting."

Lynette: "Oh! Sorry."

Edie: "Oh, Muntz was a hardass. No mercy. In fact, she was such a disciplinarian, that when my mom made parole, I was actually happy to see her."

Lynette: "Really."

Edie: "Yeah. Lesser of two evils."

Lynette: "Huh."

Edie: "Anyway, I've got to find a key. See you later."

Lynette: "Bye."

Edie walks off.

Susan's House

Mike and Susan talk.

Susan: "Thanks for your help with Zach before."

Mike: "Oh, it's my pleasure. I hope he comes out of this okay. He's a little squirrelly, but he seems like a good kid."

Susan: "Yeah."

He sits down at the kitchen table where Susan's sitting and hands her a cup of something to drink.

Mike: "So, how's Julie taking all of this?"

Susan: "Not well. She accused me of not being a good mother."

Mike: "You're a great mom."

Susan: "Well, she was sort of right. After my divorce, I really leaned on her a lot."

Mike: "Seems natural."

Susan: "And I still kinda do it. I just want somebody to talk to about all my adult stuff, and she's right there, and she just acts so mature, I forget she's thirteen."

Mike: "Well the good news is that from now on, if you ever want to talk to somebody about grown-up stuff, you've got me."

Susan: "Well, I can't talk to you about everything."

Mike: "Oh?"

Susan: "What if I want to talk about the big crush I have on the plumber that lives across the street?"

Mike: "Big crush, huh?"

Susan: "Oh, yeah."

Mike: "Well, you'd have to tell me more."

Susan: "Well, um, he's got a smile that's to die for, and don't get me started on his tattoo."

She kisses his hand.

Susan: "Thanks."

Maisy's House

The doorbell rings. Maisy opens it to find Bree on the other side.

Maisy: "Oh, Bree. What a nice surprise. Would you like to come in?"

Bree: "Well, that depends. Are you having an affair with my husband?"

Paul's House

Paul and Zach sit at the dining room table, eating dinner. Zach picks at his food.

Paul: "Would you like some more potatoes?"

Zach: "You already asked me that."

Paul: "Sorry. I'm so relieved you're safe, I'm not thinking straight."

Zach: "Does that mean you're not going to send me back to Silvercrest?"

Paul: "You've got to understand. Your behavior, the violence, breaking into the Van de Kamps. I just didn't know what you were going through."

Zach: "You could have asked me."

Paul: "Well."

Zach: "I've been remembering things. Things from when I was little."

Paul: "What kind of things?"

Zach: "Awful things."

Paul: "Zach, listen to me. Sometimes it's not good to look back in the past."

Zach: "But I can't help it. These images just keep popping into my head."

Paul: "Well, then you've got to find a way to push them back out again."

Zach: "Okay."

Paul: "More potatoes?"

Zach: "Yes, please."

Paul: "It sure is nice to be back to normal."

Maisy's House

Bree and Maisy sit on opposite facing couches in Maisy's living room.

Maisy: "You should know that Rex still loves you very much."

Bree: "He said that?"

Maisy: "Yes."

Bree: "Then why is he so unhappy?"

Maisy: "He has certain needs and he's afraid to discuss them with you."

Bree: "Needs. Like, sexual needs?"

Maisy: "Yes."

Bree: "And have you fulfilled those needs?"

Maisy doesn't answer, but instead just smiles.

Bree: "I see." (stands up) "You know, you are pretty brazen for a woman who just admitted, however tacitly, that she just slept with my husband. If I told anyone in this neighborhood, they would never speak to you again."

Maisy: "You're not going to tell a soul. Bree, you may hate me, but you'd hate the humiliation a lot more."

Bree: "Oh, I don't hate you, Maisy. I pity you."

She walks out.

Lynette's House

Lynette: "Hi."

Claire: "Oh, hey Lynette. You heading out now?"

Lynette: "Yep. Um, I'll be home late, so just the usual routine. A nap for Penny, and-"

Claire: "I know, no sugar after five. I got it."

Lynette: "You're the best. Oh, one more thing. Since the boys are having corn dogs for dinner, I'd like you to make sure they get a vegetable to go with it."

She goes to the freezer and pulls out a bag of frozen vegetables.

Claire: "Brussel sprouts?"

Lynette: "They're full of iron. Could you make sure they clean their plates?"

Claire: "Not a problem. I have this little trick I do. I cover the veggies with some cheese."

Lynette: "You sly dog."

She leaves.

" That night, Lynette settled in to watch her personal pick for feel-good movie of the year."

On the video...

Claire: "You guys, you need to eat your brussel sprouts."

Angry voice: "Brussel spouts taste yucky!"

Angry voice: "I don't want this!"

The boys start throwing their food at Claire, who pleads with them to stop. Lynette, watching the tape while eating popcorn, smiles.

Hospital

Rex awakens and sees Bree standing at the window looking out.

Rex: "Hey."

Bree: "Hey."

Rex: "I guess they operated, huh?"

Bree: "They sure did."

Rex: "How'd it go?"

Bree: "It went well. The surgeon says you're going to be as good as new."

Rex: "You look like you've been crying."

Bree: "I have. I was so afraid you were gonna die. There were so many things I haven't had a chance to tell you."

Rex: "I'm sorry you were so worried."

Bree: "That's okay. How are you now, Rex? Are you strong enough to listen to the things I need to tell you?"

Rex: "Sure, hon."

Bree sits on the edge of the bed and leans down so that she's near Rex's face.

Bree: "I know you still love me. Maisy told me."

Rex: "She did?"

Bree ( whispering ): "As of this moment, Rex, I am no longer your wife. I am going to go out, and find the most vindictive lawyer I can find, and together, we are going to eviscerate you. I'm going to take away your money, your family, and your dignity. Do you hear me?"

Rex: "Bree-"

Bree: "And I am so thrilled to know that you still love me. Because I want what's about to happen to you, to hurt as much is as humanly possible. I'm so glad you didn't die before I got a chance to tell you that."

She leaves the room.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle opens the false panel Carlos told her about and finds the passport along with papers.

"Trust is a fragile thing..."

Gabrielle opens the passport and reads it.

Lynette's House

Lynette: "Bye guys!"

The boys all call good bye to her and Lynette leaves them with Claire.

"Once earned, it affords us tremendous freedom."

Building

Bree walks down a hallway.

"But once trust is lost, it can be impossible to recover."

Bree stops in front of a closed door. She takes a deep breath, and goes inside. She closes the door. On the glass reads "SOLOMON, MILLER & HAAS FAMILY LAW".

Susan's House

Susan walks into Julie's room. Julie looks at her briefly, but then returns to reading without saying anything.

"Of course the truth is, we never know who we can trust. Those we're closest to can betray us."

Outside Paul's House

Paul takes out the garbage, and looks over at Mrs. Huber's house, where Edie is standing next to a police officer who is banging on the door.

Officer: "Police, open up!"

"And total strangers can come to our rescue."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle sits on the edge of the bed, looking at a roaring fire in the fireplace.

"In the end, most people decide to trust only themselves. It really is the simplest way to keep from getting burned."

Gabrielle throws Carlos' passport onto the fire, where it immediately starts to burn.
Edie Britt stands next to her car, looking thoughtful.

"Edie Britt could never understand why she didn't have any female friends. Of course, she always tried to tell people she didn't need any, but the truth was, it bothered Edie that other women didn't seem to like her. Even after moving to Wisteria Lane, Edie couldn't understand why her neighbors kept their distance."

Flashback to when Edie moved in. She tells one of the movers to be careful, then waves at Susan, Bree, Gabrielle, and Lynette who are sitting on Susan's porch, watching the move-in. They all wave, but when Edie turns away, they whisper to each other.

"And then she met Martha Huber."

Mrs. Huber: "Hola!"

Mrs. Huber comes up to Edie, smiling and carrying a covered dish of food. She hands it to Edie, who takes it, smiling.

"Within five minutes, Mrs. Huber managed to disparage what Edie was wearing. In fact, whenever they got together, Mrs. Huber insulted her. She made fun of everything from Edie's makeup to her taste in men."

Edie and Mrs. Huber walk down the street as an attractive male jogger jogs past them. Edie turns to watch him go past her and Mrs. Huber pinches her on the arm.

"Yes, Martha Huber could be cruel, offensive, and downright mean. But Edie didn't care, because she was the first real friend Edie Britt had ever had. But now Martha Huber was missing. She had vanished without a trace, and Edie was not embarrassed to admit, she needed her back. "

A cab pulls up and Edie shakes off her flashback as she walks to the side of it, where the door opens. A woman gets out of the cab.

Felicia: "Edie?"

Edie: "Yes."

Felicia: "I'm Felicia Tilman. Martha's sister."

Edie: "Really!"

Felicia: "What's wrong?"

Edie: "Oh nothing's wrong, it's just that Martha always said how alike you two were. I just don't see the family resemblance."

Felicia: "It's there. It just takes a while to become apparent. Do you have the key to her house?"

Edie: "I do. After the police kicked the door in, they put on this temporary lock. Oh, and by the way, the neighbors are coming over at noon. We're going to organize and hand out fliers."

Felicia: "The key?"

Edie: "Oh right. You know, I can only imagine how worried you must be."

Felicia: "I'm not worried, Edie. Martha and I had a very intense bond. We were connected at the most primal level, and a few days ago, I felt this sensation in my soul. That's when it first dawned on me that something had happened to my sister. And when she didn't arrive at my home as scheduled, well, that's when I knew she was dead."

Edie: "Oh, honey, no! You mustn't think like that! Martha's only missing!"

Felicia: "No, Edie, she's dead. But she's my sister, and I'm going to find out exactly what happened to her."

Edie: "Look, Felicia, it's natural to freak out when a loved one is missing."

Felicia: "Loved one? Oh, Edie, let me be clear about this. I hated Martha. She was a wretched pig of a woman and the day she died, this world became a better place."

"It was in that moment that Edie finally saw the family resemblance."

Credits

Outside Mrs. Huber's House

"Mrs. Huber was missing. The words echoed down Wisteria Lane until every last resident was aware of her disappearance. By noon, dozens of neighbors had gathered. Some came to volunteer, some came in sympathy, and some, came to learn exactly what the police knew and what they didn't."

While neighbors pass out fliers amongst each other, Paul stands off to the side, looking down at the flier that reveals Martha is missing.

A man in a suit takes a flier from the pile and turns to the group of neighbors standing in Mrs. Huber's yard.

Man: "So I'll need you to pass out fliers. Put them in the mall, the park, anywhere you think Mrs. Huber might have been seen. We need to jump on this; time is of the essence. Edie, would you like to say something?"

Edie: "On behalf of Martha, and her sister Felicia, I'd like to thank you all for coming here today. You know, my last conversation with Martha was one of anger. And I'll never forgive myself for the things that I said. I lay awake at night thinking about it."

She starts sobbing and turns to cry on the shoulder of the man in the suit.

Lynette: "I don't know how she did it, but Edie managed to make this all about her."

Gabrielle: "She's a talented girl, our Edie."

Susan: "Has anybody talked to Bree? How's Rex doing?"

Lynette: "She's bringing him home from the hospital today."

Susan: "Well, I don't know how he had a heart attack. He was so young."

Gabrielle: "Hey, how creepy is Mrs. Huber's sister?"

Lynette: "I know. The way she was talking about Mrs. Huber, it was like she was already dead."

Gabrielle: "You don't think she is..."

Susan: "Oh no, I'm sure she's fine. We're talking about Mrs. Huber. She's like a roach!"

The women walk off and Paul walks up to Felicia.

Paul: "I just wanted you to know that everyone on Wisteria Lane is praying for your sister's safe return."

Felicia: "Oh, I seriously doubt that."

She turns and walks off.

Rex's Hospital Room

Looking through the window of Rex's hospital room, a nurse can be seen checking his heartbeat with a stethoscope. Outside the room are Bree, Danielle, and Andrew.

Danielle: "What do you mean, you're not taking care of him?"

Andrew: "Dad's being released today. He's got to have a place to recuperate."

Bree: "Well, then he can go to a motel because he's not allowed back in my house."

Danielle: "I thought you two were getting along. What happened?"

Bree: "That's - between your father and me."

Andrew: "You're so selfish. You know, I'm so looking forward to the day I get to put you in a nursing home."

Bree: "I'm sorry to disappoint you, Andrew, but my plan is to have an embolism and to die young!"

Andrew: "Yeah, well we're all rooting for you, but you might not be so lucky!"

Bree: "Andrew!"

Andrew: "You want to see how long I can hold a grudge? Go ahead and abandon my father, because I promise you, you'll be sorry."

Bree: "You wouldn't be saying that if you knew what -"

Andrew: "Knew what? Well come on, tell me! Because I'd love to know what my father did that was so awful!"

Bree: "Fine. I will see him through this, but after that, your father can rot in hell for all I care!"

She walks off.

Danielle: "We're not like other families, are we?"

Andrew: "No. We're not."

Gabrielle's House

Carlos's lawyer, Mr. Hartley, and Gabrielle are in the living room while Yao Lin cleans around them.

Mr. Hartley: "Gabrielle, it's not my fault that your bank accounts are frozen."

Gabrielle: "I'm not saying it's your fault, I'm just saying, fix it!"

Mr. Hartley: "Well, I wish I could, but the folks at the justice department aren't very sympathetic."

Gabrielle: "I'm running out of money. In a couple of weeks, I'm gonna be screwed."

Yao Lin: "Why don't you hock some of your jewelry? There's a lot of stuff you never wear, and most of it's ugly."

Gabrielle: "Don't you have a toilet to scrub?"

Yao Lin leaves the room.

Gabrielle: "I'm just so angry with Carlos. What was he thinking, exporting goods made from slave labor? Why couldn't he have embezzled like other white collar criminals?"

Mr. Hartley: "All the justice department wants is to make sure that Carlos doesn't skip the country. Now, if he is released on bail, I can argue that he needs money to live on, and they'll probably unfreeze one of the smaller accounts."

Gabrielle: "But they won't release him on bail until they get the passport."

Mr. Hartley: "Exactly. You haven't found that yet, have you?"

"Gabrielle wanted her old lifestyle back, no question, but she wanted Carlos to suffer for his betrayal even more. "

Flashback to Gabrielle looking at Carlos's passport in her hands before throwing it into the fire.

Gabrielle: "I'm still searching."

Mr. Hartley: "Well, in that case, you might want to think about looking for a job."

Yao Lin (walking by): "Hah!"

Susan's House

Susan and Mike are in the kitchen together.

Susan: "So, I had a really good time."

Mike: "I bet you did."

The doorbell rings. Susan takes a moment to run her hand down Mike's back, ending on his buttocks and giving them a squeeze before going to answer the door.

Susan: "Gotcha."

Mike turns and gives her a happy sheepish grin.

Susan answers the door and it's Karl.

Karl: "Hey, is this a bad time?"

Susan: "For you? Of course it is."

Karl: "That's cute. Tax stuff. I need your signature."

Susan: "We've been divorced over a year."

Karl: "2003."

Karl walks in.

Susan: "Well, please. Just come on in. Uh, Mike, I don't think you've officially met my ex, Karl Mayer."

Mike: "Oh hey! Mike Delfino."

Karl: "Right. Plumber."

Mike gives Karl a look before turning to Susan.

Mike: "Yeah, I don't have the right washer for this faucet, so I'm just going to go across the street and get it."

Susan laughs as he brushes against her, then walks to the door, closing it behind him.

Karl: "So he seems okay."

Susan: "Yeah, he is. So what do you want me to sign? Oh, I see."

Karl: "By the way, Julie told me about her birthday plans."

Susan: "Yeah, we're going to a restaurant downtown. A guy who plays piano and an open mike. Julie got a bunch of her girlfriends together, so we're just going to make a night of it."

Karl: "Julie loves to sing. It sounds nice."

Susan: "Here you are."

Karl: "All righty."

Susan: "Give my best to Brandi."

Karl: "Actually, um, we're not together anymore."

Susan: "You're not? What happened?"

Karl: "I caught her in bed with another guy. Go ahead. Do your happy dance. You deserve it."

Susan: "No, no really, I'm, I'm sorry you had to go through that. I am."

Karl leans forward and gives Susan a hug, and holds on.

Susan: "Uh..."

Karl: "It's just really hard for me right now. Thanks."

Mike walks back in and sees them. Susan motions to Mike, makes the hand sign of the phone, and then silently mouths the words call me.' He walks back out, closing the door quietly behind him.

Karl finally lets Susan go.

Susan: "Uh, try ripping up old photos. It helps."

Karl: "Well, have fun this weekend. Let me know how the party goes."

Susan: "Karl, do you want to join us?"

Karl makes a series of hand gestures that indicate he's at first going to refuse, but then he walks back over to Susan and gives her another hug.

Karl: "Oh Susan, you're the best."

Susan: "Oh, well..." (small squeal) "I am the best, aren't I."

Lynette's House

Lynette and Tom lie in bed. Lynette looks over a list she's made of things to do, written on the back of the Missing Mrs. Huber flier.

She turns to Tom.

Lynette: "You know, if we're going to buy a water heater, we should talk about it. We could go to the mall tomorrow. They're having a sale."

Tom: "Could we talk about this tomorrow?"

Lynette: "Well, I'm just trying to plan my day."

Tom: "Please honey, I'm so tired."

Lynette: "Okay."

She takes off her glasses and turns off the light.

Lynette: "Hon?"

Tom: "Huh?"

Lynette: "Did you set up the coffee maker?"

Tom: "Oh. No. Uh, you know, I'll do it in the morning. I promise I'll get up early and do it."

Lynette: "Tom..."

Tom: "Oh..."

Lynette: "Tom...Come on."

He gets up.

Lynette: "Thanks."

Tom: "Yeah."

Downstairs in the darkened laundry room off of the kitchen, Claire puts clothing in the washer. She takes off her socks, looks down at her robe, notices a stain, and then, after looking around, removes the robe. She quickly throws it in with the other clothes, starts the washer, then quickly jogs through the kitchen, her arms crossed across her chest.

Tom comes down the stairs, stopping abruptly when he sees Claire.

Tom: "Claire?"

Claire gasps, then quickly turns around so her back is to him.

Tom: "Um, um, I'm, uh. Wow, I'm sorry. I didn't know you were up."

Claire: "Yeah, I, I, I thought you were sleeping. I--I was just going upstairs. Do you want me to make the coffee."

Tom: "Yeah! Yeah, that'd be great! I'm just gonna, um, go back up to my room."

Claire: "Okay"

Tom: "Good night."

Claire: "Good night."

Tom returns to the bedroom, smiling.

Lynette: "Just so you know, if we go to the mall, we can go to the shoe store. You said you wanted new running shoes."

Tom gets in bed and leans over her. Lynette looks at him.

Lynette: "What?"

She turns and looks into puppy dog eyes filled with intention.

Lynette: "Oh."

She giggles. He moves in closer, and then she rolls over on top of him as they kiss.

The Next Morning

"The next morning while the search for Martha Huber continued, Lynette discovered a little family secret. One she wasn't even looking for. "

Claire comes down the stairs and looks around before heading into the kitchen.

Lynette: "Good morning."

Claire: "Good morning."

Lynette: "Want some coffee?"

Claire: "Uh, yeah, thanks! I didn't want to come down until Tom left for work. Still a little embarrassed."

Lynette: "About what?"

Claire: "Oh, he didn't tell you? Well actually, it's kind of funny. Um, I was doing some laundry, and I noticed that the robe I was wearing had some baby food on it, so I threw it in, figuring I could dash upstairs while everyone was asleep. And then I ran into Tom, while I was totally naked."

Lynette: "So, Claire, when did this incident occur?"

Claire: "I don't know. It was pretty late. I think he might have come down to make coffee or something."

Lynette: "You don't say."

Modeling Agency

The modeling agent, Mr. Gibbs, flips through a book of Gabrielle's work.

Mr. Gibbs: "Wow! Wow! Wow! Well this is certainly impressive. I can definitely get you work as a model. But you do realize it's different from the runway work you did in New York and Milan."

Gabrielle: "Of course. I made ten thousand dollars a day. I don't expect to, to make that here."

She glances up at a poster on the wall, which sports the slogan: "Try the beer that's #1 among mermaids."

Mr. Gibbs: "That's good. Because you won't."

Gabrielle: "Yeah. So what do you got?"

Mr. Gibbs: "Well, there is something. Uh, they need a model to demonstrate the new Buick Lacrosse, at the Fairview Mall. It's just going to be you and the car on a revolving platform. Three hundred bucks for the day."

Gabrielle: "Uh, what else do you have?"

Mr. Gibbs: "Sure, um, ooh. Can you swing a sword? Sci-fi convention needs someone to dress up as a warrior princess."

Gabrielle: "A warrior princess? Mr. Gibbs. I am a professional model. Look at this bone structure. This face is a cash cow, and if you don't have the vision to take advantage of that, then maybe I'm at the wrong agency."

Mr. Gibbs: "Hey, look, honey. I'm the only modeling agent in a hundred mile radius. I book women for boat shows and garden tool expose and if you don't like it, move back to the city."

Gabrielle: "This, um, Buick thing. Does it include lunch?"

Bree's House

Bree sets a tray of food down next to the couch where Rex is lying. He sits up, breathing heavily from exertion.

Rex: "Just so you know, I really am grateful for everything you're doing for me."

Bree: "Oh, I don't need your gratitude. You're only here because your children are master extortionists."

Rex: "So you didn't tell them about..."

Bree: "Your adultery? No. I decided to keep that little gem all to myself."

Bree begins cleaning up around the living room.

Rex: "Listen, I know this is a real imposition."

Bree: "Yes, it is. The doctor said you could be here for weeks."

Rex: "Would it make you feel any better if I told you I'm sorry for what I did?"

Bree: "Yes it would...if I still felt anything for you. But as it stands, the place you used to occupy in my heart is very much empty now."

Rex: "You must still feel something for me."

Bree: "And why do you think that?"

Rex: "Oh come on, Bree, look at this. You're using the good china, freshly pressed napkins, flowers from the garden. This tray was prepared with loving care."

Bree: "Do me a favor, Rex. Please don't mistake my a**l retentiveness for actual affection."

She stalks out, taking the small vase with a flower in it off of the tray with her.

Susan's House, nighttime

Susan kisses Mike on the bed. She glances over at her nightstand and sees the missing fliers for Mrs. Huber lying there.

Susan: "Hold on a sec."

She turns them upside down.

Susan: "Okay, now I'm good."

Mike: (chuckles)

Susan: "What?"

Mike: "You're just - God, I love you."

Susan: "Oh! Well, that's great!"

Mike: "Um. Wait. Wait. That just kind of popped out."

Susan: "No, No! It's fine. It just kind of caught me off guard. I mean, I want to say it back."

Mike: "Yeah, but you're not ready. It's okay."

Susan: "You're not mad, are you?

Mike: "No! God! We haven't been dating that long, and you've got other issues. Forget it."

Susan: "Good."

He rolls her over so he's on top and they kiss again.

Susan ( pulling away ): "Issues? What kind of issues do you think I have?"

Mike: "You know, I retract my earlier statement. I no longer love you. In fact, I just think of you as a really good buddy."

Susan: "No. No, no, no. You obviously think you have some insight into my soul, so please, go ahead, dazzle me."

Mike: "Your divorce left you hurt and vulnerable."

Susan: "Big insight. The postman knows that."

Mike: "And there's a chance you might still have feelings for your ex."

Susan: "What? I loathe Karl, and the postman will back me up on that, too."

Mike: "I'm sure part of you does hate him, but, you know, maybe part of you is still hung up on him."

Susan: "Where are you getting this?"

Mike: "Well, he broke up with the woman he left you for, and what was the first thing you did? You hugged him and invited him to a party."

Susan: "Okay, the analysis part of this evening is now over."

Mike: "Hey, you asked."

Susan: "Well, you know what? You're going to come to Julie's party tomorrow night, and you're gonna see Karl and I together, and you're going to understand once and for all that I have no feelings for him whatsoever."

Mike: "Actually, I have tickets for a basketball game tomorrow night."

Susan: "Actually, you're coming to the party tomorrow. And that's the end of it."

Mike (to himself): "That is what I get for saying I love you'."

Susan: "What?"

Mike deflects the question by taking a drink from a glass of wine.

Pharmacy

Bree steps up to the counter.

Bree: "Hello, George."

George: "Mrs. Van de Kamp. You're looking lovely today."

Bree: "You always say the nicest things."

George: Well, it's, uh, it's true."

Bree: "Listen, I have a prescription here for Rex. I don't know if you heard, but he had a heart attack."

George: "I had no idea. Is he okay?"

Bree: "Oh yes, he'll, he'll live. But the doctor said he's at risk for something called pericarditis. Do you know anything about that?"

George: "It's an inflammation of the membrane that surrounds the heart. It will take a few months to make sure it doesn't develop, but he'll need constant care.

Bree: "So I hear."

She gives him the prescription and he leaves the counter to go fill it.

"As the word's Constant Care' echoed in her head, Bree caught a sickening glimpse into her future."

A man coughs behind Bree and she turns to see an old man sitting in a wheelchair with an old woman helping him sit more comfortably.

Bree watches them, looking uncomfortable.

George: "Okay. Here we go."

"Which prompted her to seek an old-fashioned remedy."

Bree: "George? Would you go out to dinner with me?"

George: "Um, you mean, like a date?"

Bree: "Yes, I think it would be fun."

George: "What about your husband?"

Bree: "Oh, him. Well, we're separated."

George smiles and Bree smiles back.


Outside

"In spite of Mrs. Huber's disappearance, life on Wisteria Lane started to return to normal. Until an intriguing discovery was made on a dirt road next to the interstate."

A policeman finds Mrs. Huber's car abandoned by the woods. He opens it and looks in the glove department, finding the car registration. He calls in to Dispatch.

Policeman: "This is Officer Burton. I have an abandoned vehicle registered to a missing person, one Martha Huber. Please advice."

Later

A crowd of neighbors are gathered in the woods to search for Mrs. Huber. A table has been set up for food and coffee.

"As news spread of this mysterious development, everyone in the neighborhood decided to band together, to show their support, and to look for clues. Or worse. "

Bree: "I'm keeping my eyes on the horizon. Please tell me if I'm about to step on a body part."

Lynette: "It's a search and rescue, not recovery. We don't know if she's dead."

Susan: "Yeah, people fake their own abductions all the time."

Bree: "Can we talk about something else - something less depressing?"

Susan: "Well, here's something. Mike told me he loved me."

Lynette and Bree both gasp.

Lynette: "Oh my god!"

Felicia: "Over here! They found the body!"

Lynette: "No, no! I'm sorry! False alarm. We didn't find a body. Uh, Susan just had some really good news. Sorry."

Distant voice of a man: "Oh, it's nothing. False alarm"

Edie: "Well, doesn't that figure. Susan always finds a way to make it about her."

Fairview Mall

A Buick rotates slowly on a platform while Gabrielle stands in front of it in a blue evening gown, talking into a microphone.

Gabrielle: "Ladies and Gentlemen. I present to you the fabulous Buick Lacrosse."

Microphone feedback. Annoyed, Gabrielle turns to the woman handling the audio. She makes a quick adjustment then given Gabrielle a thumbs-up.

Gabrielle: "It, uh, it has an excellently crafted interior, peaceful quiet tuning, and ultrasonic rear parking assist. Observe the remote activation feature."

She pushes a button and the car starts. She then sees Lynette and Tom riding down the escalator.

Gabrielle: "Uh, and it also has a lot of other exciting good, cool car things."

She tries to run around to the other side of the turntable, but her dress gets caught.

The audio girl, Sarah, watches her. Tom and Lynette get off of the escalator and see Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "Tom! Lynette! What are you doing here?"

Tom: "We're buying a new water heater. Um, how 'bout you?"

Gabrielle: "Just doing a little shopping, trying to get my mind off things."

Sarah: "Hey Gabby, you need help, it looks like you're stuck here."

Gabrielle: "Uh! I guess I am."

Sarah: "No worries, I got it."

Gabrielle: "I guess I got too close to the turn table. I'm a sucker for these Buicks."

Sarah (to the dress): "Come on, you b*st*rd!"

Gabrielle: "You know, with their perfectly crafted interior, and peaceful, quiet tuning."

Lynette: "Uh-huh. A little formal for the mall."

Gabrielle: "Oh, uh, you know, I wanted to match the shoes to the dress. This is, uh, Sarah, my shopping buddy. We like to hit the boutiques together."

Lynette: "Okay. Well, you gals, um, shop your little hearts out. See you later."

Gabrielle: "Bye."

They walk off. Sarah waves after them and Gabrielle sighs irritably.

Bree's House

Bree comes down the stairs, dressed in a red dress, with her hair styled up.

Rex: "Wow. Look at you! You going out?"

Bree: "Not that it's any of your business, but, I have a date."

Rex: "A date. What kind of date?"

Bree: "Rex, I don't want to say anything that might upset you. The doctor says any undue stress could cause another heart attack."

Rex gives up and turns his back to her.

Bree: "It's a romantic date with a single attractive man, and I intend to french the hell out of him."

The doorbell rings.

Bree: "Oh, right on time!"

She goes to answer the door and Rex watches from the couch.

George: "Hi."

Bree: "Hi,"

George (hands her a small bouquet of flowers): "In my spare time I garden. I thought you might like these."

Bree: "Oh, my, they're exquisite. Compost and eggshells?"

George: "Yes!"

Bree: "Oh! Come on in. George, you remember Rex?"

Rex smiles and waves his hand from where he's sitting. George's step falters.

George: "I thought you said you were separated."

Bree: "Oh we are, emotionally. Physically, he just lives here because his mistress refuses to care for him. Would you like a drink?"

George: "Uh no, I'm fine. Thanks."

Bree: "Rex, say hello to George!"

Rex: "Hello, George!"

George: "Hello, Dr. Van de Kamp."

Bree: "I'm going to go put these in water. George, why don't you have a seat, and I'll be right back."

George sits down on the other end of the couch.

George: "So, uh, how's your heart, Dr. Van de Kamp?"

Rex: "Better. How's the pharmacy?"

George: "Busy. It's busy."

Rex bursts out laughing.

George: "Something funny?"

Rex: "It's, it's nothing. You see, I, uh, recently engaged in some extracurricular activity, and now Bree's doing anything she can to make me suffer. All you can do is laugh."

George: "Yeah, uh, I guess."

Bree comes back in and sets the flowers in the vase next to Rex.

Bree: "Oh, these flowers are stunning. They're the best ones I've ever gotten."

She smiles down at Rex, who turns and smiles at George.

Bree: "Ah. Shall we?"

George: "It was nice talking with you, Dr. Van de Kamp."

Rex: "Please, you're dating my wife! Call me Rex!"

Bree turns abruptly to glare at him, then turns her back and she and George leave.

Fairview Mall

Lynette and Tom get back on the escalator, bags in hand.

Lynette: "That sales girl that sold us the water heater - she had a cute figure."

Tom: "Yeah, I guess. I didn't notice."

Lynette: "Oh how can you say, she was so your type, big breasts, really curvy."

Tom: "What are you doing?"

Lynette: "Nothing. I'm just saying you prefer women that are really curvy, like that sales girl or Claire."

Tom: "There's only one type that I prefer." He kisses her cheek. "You."

Lynette: "Aww....You kiss as though that would end this conversation, and it so won't."

Tom: "Why am I trouble, I haven't done anything wrong."

Lynette: "The only reason you made love to me the other night was because you had just seen Claire naked."

Tom: "Wha-? Aw, crap."

Later, in the van, Tom and Lynette continue the conversation. Lynette is driving.

Tom: "Claire is a great nanny. It would be stupid to lose her over something like this."

Lynette: "You and I have had crushes before. We always tell each other. We laugh about it. It's no big deal. What worries me about this is you're denying you're obviously attracted. Why?"

Tom: "I'm not denying anything."

Lynette: "Oh, so you are attracted to her."

Tom: "I didn't say that."

Lynette puts on the brakes and suddenly stops the van. They are blocking the line of cars wanting to leave the parking garage of the mall.

Tom: "What are you doing?"

Lynette: "We are not going anywhere until you confess you have the hots for our nanny. Tom, it's okay. She's attractive. Men by nature are drawn to fertile young women with whom them can plant their seed."

We see the lady in the car behind them get out and walk to them.

Lynette: "It's the basic flaw of your gender. I get it. Just do me the honor of-"

The woman stands outside of their car. Lynette notices her rolls the window down, staring at the lady on the other side.

Woman: "Uh, we'd all like to get out of here. Is there a problem?"

Lynette: "My husband won't admit that he has lust in his heart. Can you give us a minute?"

The woman holds up her hand in a I give up' gesture and walks back to her car. Lynette rolls up the window.

Tom: "Lynette. Claire is attractive, yes. But I am not attracted to her. Look, if I thought for even a second that there was any danger in having Claire around, I'd be the first to get rid of her. It's you! You're the one! You always have been and you always will be."

They kiss. Horns start honking behind them.

Lynette ( laughing ): "All right, hold your water."

They drive off.

Karaoke Restaurant

Julie and two of her friends stand on the stage, singing. They finish and Susan, Mike, Karl, and two more of Julie's friends clap.

Susan: "Yay! Oh, you guys were fantastic."

Julie: "Thank you. Um, they've got a dance floor upstairs and we're going to go check it out."

Susan: "Okay, have fun."

Edie enters the restaurant.

Karl: "Edie! Over here!"

Susan: "What the hell is she doing here?"

Karl: "Well, I don't get to bring a date? I heard you were bringing him."

Susan: "Of all people, you picked that tired piece of - Edie!"

Edie: "Hi Susan! Oh, thanks for the invite. God knows I needed something to get my mind off poor Martha. A kiss, for the birthday boy."

They kiss, with Edie dragging it out.

Susan: "Uh, Edie, it's not his birthday."

Edie: "Oh! Oh!"

Outside Bree's House

Bree and George are in George's car, which is parked outside of Bree's house.

Bree: "Thank you, George. That was a lovely evening."

George: "The pleasure was mine. There is nothing better than great conversation with a beautiful woman over a delicious meal."

Bree: "Well, I guess I should go inside."

George: "I'm glad we did this."

Bree: "Me, too."

They lean over to kiss, but stop when there is knocking on the glass of the car window.

Bree: "Andrew, where did you come from?"

Andrew: "I was just on my way back from Brian's house. What's going on here?"

Bree: "Oh, uh, you remember Mr. Williams, our pharmacist?"

George: "Hey, there."

Andrew: "How's it going? What are you doing in his car?"

Bree: "Well, we're just, um, talking. Mr. Williams took me out to dinner."

Andrew: "You mean like on a date?"

Bree: "Well, um...."

She gets out of the car.

Bree: "Yes."

Andrew (to George): "You are aware that she's married, right?"

Bree: "Andrew, your father and I are separated and you know it."

Andrew: "I don't care. Couldn't you at least wait until he was out of the house?"

Bree: "The only reason he is still in the house is because you insisted I care for him."

Andrew: "So, so what do you guys intend to do now?" (to George) "Are you two going to have sex?"

Bree: "No, we are not going to have sex!"

Andrew: "What? Why not?"

Bree: "Because I don't commit adultery like your father." (long pause) "That's right. Your father had an affair. I found out about it, and I'm just trying to move on with my life."

Andrew (to George): "You should watch out for her. She's a liar."

Andrew stomps off.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle stands in her living room, sorting bills on the floor and making notes on a legal pad.

"In spite of her mounting debt, Gabrielle was determined to prove she could get along just fine without Carlos' money."

The power suddenly goes out.

"It wasn't until the electricity went out that she finally began to see the light."

She goes over to her cell phone and dials a number.

Gabrielle: "Mr. Hartley. It's Gabrielle Solis. I need you to start working on releasing Carlos on bail. Mm hmm. I just remembered where I put his passport."

Karaoke Restaurant

Edie ( singing ): "I took the sweet life, never knew I'd be bitter from the sweet. I spent my life exploring, the subtle whoring that costs too much to be free, hey lady, I've been to paradise..."

The piano player throws in an extemporaneous passage, and Edie pauses.

Mike has his arm around Susan and she turns her face, kisses his cheek, then nuzzles the side of his face lightly with her nose.

Edie: "...but I've never been to me..."

Karl watches them, then turns back to watching Edie on the stage.

Whistling and clapping. Karl gives her a standing ovation, then twirls her around when she comes off of the stage.

Edie: "Oh, thank you!"

Karl: "Damn woman, you were good! All right, you're next, Suzie-Q. Whatcha gonna sing?"

Edie: "Yes."

Mike: "You sing?"

Susan: "Only when I'm alone."

Karl: "Come on, we're among friends."

Susan: "I don't think so."

Mike: "Well, I, for one, would like to hear your voice."

Karl: "Give it up, plumber. She's not budging."

Susan: "You want to hear me sing?"

Susan reaches forward and takes Mike's chin with her hand.

Mike: "Yeah."

Susan: "Okay."

She leans forward and kisses him on the lips.

Mike: "What's it going to be? I'll tell the piano player."

Susan: "New York, New York."

Edie: "Oh, I'm so excited to hear you. Oh, but doesn't it just figure..."

Susan: "What do you mean?"

Edie: "You have to get up in front of a room full of people dressed like that."

Susan looks down at herself and laughs.

Edie: "I hope they don't turn on you."

Susan: "I think I'll take my chances...sort of like you did--on those high notes."

Edie does a fake laugh, then turns to Karl.

Edie: "I'm going to go get us two more."

Karl: "That's a great idea."

Edie leaves.

Karl: "So that Mike; he seems pretty even keeled."

Susan: "Yeah. He's a great guy."

Karl: "But you know, I mean, he's a little--Buster Brown. Don't you ever worry you'll gonna get bored?"

Susan: "Thanks for your concern, Karl, I'm fine."

Karl: "Go figure. Even though our marriage was crazy at times, it never got dull."

Susan: "Yeah, that part when you slept with your secretary was really exciting."

Karl: "I know, how many times do I have to hear it? It was a mistake. But don't I ever get credit for the thirteen loyal years beforehand?"

Edie: "You must not be counting the Henderson's Christmas party."

Karl: "Edie, not now."

Edie: "Oh, what's the big deal, Karl. Your marriage is history anyway."

Karl: "Edie..."

Edie: "It was nothing, really. Basically we both got plastered on eggnog, and we found ourselves standing under the, uh, mistletoe..."

Karl: "Edie..."

Edie: "And we were like, okay, what do we do now? So I smiled, and he smiled, and then Karl reached over, and started feeling me up!"

Edie playfully slaps Karl on the arm.

Karl: "Susie, that's not how it happened!"

Mike: "All right, Susan, you're up."

Susan: "What?"

Karl: "Hey Susie, it's so silly...Susie."

The piano player begins playing the opening notes to "New York, New York" as Mike pushes Susan up to the stage.

Announcer: "Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome Susan Mayer!"

Susan gets up on stage and turns to look back at their table.

Susan ( singing ): "Start spreading the news...I'm leaving today...I wanna be a part of it, New York! New York! These vagabond shoes..." (speaking) "You're an ass, you know that?"

The piano stops playing.

Susan ( to the piano player ): "No keep playing!" (singing) "Are longing to stray... there's a word no, right? And get around the heart of it, New York! New York! I want to..." (speaking) "Just tell you that the affair was one thing, I mean, I forgave you, because on some small level, I thought you were in love with her, and now I find out that you were just groping people at parties..." (singing) "Top of the heap..."

Karl gets up to walk out.

Susan: "Karl, don't you turn away from me. Look at me! You know, what else were you doing during our marriage? How many other women were you sticking it to? As God as my witness, it will snow on the hills of hell, before I ever feel sorry for you again!"

There's a long pause.

Susan ( singing ): "New York!"

The piano plays a few chords in conclusion.

Wisteria Lane, nighttime

"As the police interviewed the residents of Wisteria Lane about the mysterious disappearance of Martha Huber, my husband, Paul, reasoned it would only be a matter of time before their digging would begin to yield answers."

Paul stands next to his car, holding a bag of groceries, as he watches the police interview his neighbor.

Later, he walks purposefully into the woods where he buried Martha Huber. He digs her up and removes some jewelry from her body.

"Since he knew the police had no suspects, he decided to point them to the most logical candidate."

Paul walks up to a house and slowly, straining, pulls open the garage door.

"You see, if there's one thing that Paul understood about the suburbs, it was this:"

Paul walks into the garage. His flashlight shines over the workbench. He opens a drawer and places the jewelry in the back.

"No one's more suspicious than a new neighbor who's just moved in. "

Away from the garage, the camera pans to the mailbox of the house that Paul is out. The mailbox reads: "Delfino"

Lynette's House

Lynette and Claire clean up dishes from the kitchen table while Tom sits at the table.

Lynette: "Parker's getting sniffily."

Claire: "Yeah, I noticed that, too. I hope he's not coming down with a cold. "

Lynette: "He doesn't have a cough yet, but he sort of has this post-nasal drip thing happening. "

Claire: "Oh, I'll make an appointment for him. I always say it is better to be safe than sorry. Little kids get sick and it's-" (to Tom as she cleans around him) "sorry - out of control."

Tom's gaze becomes unfocused as he stares at the silver cross swinging back and forth between Claire's chest as she cleans and talks. Lynette notices his where his gaze is at and turns to look at Tom pointedly. Tom looks at Lynette. Lynette looks at Claire then back at Tom.

Tom: "Um, um, Claire? We have to make some changes."

Outside Bree's House

Bree walks on the path to the garage, holding a large box. Andrew follows behind her.

Andrew: "What are you doing?"

Bree: "I'm packing up your father's things for when he eventually moves out."

Andrew: "Here. Let me help you. Look, I, I talked to dad, and it turns out you were telling the truth."

Bree: "Andrew, I'm so sorry that I said anything."

Andrew: "I know. I'm glad you did. Now I know."

Bree: "There comes this point in every boy's life..."

Andrew: "What? When he finds out his dad is screwing around?"

Bree: "No. That his father's only human."

Andrew: "So, why are you taking care of him? Is it because of what Danielle and I said? Because you can forget that. I'll help you take his stuff on the street if you want."

Bree: "That's sweet, but I'm taking care of him because it's the right thing to do."

Andrew: "Why are you being such a pushover? I mean, he cheated on you. He's a jerk!"

Bree: "Andrew, you will not speak that way about your father in front of me."

Andrew: "Why the hell not? I mean, for once, I'm actually on your side!"

Bree: "Yes, I'm angry with him. I am going to divorce him. I may even marry someone else, but make no mistake about it, your father is, and always will be, the love of my life. He gave me the best eighteen-year marriage that I could have ever hoped for. For that, you will respect him."

Andrew: "Okay."

They walk back inside, arm and arm. Off to the side, unseen, stands Rex.

Susan's House

Karl knocks on the door and Susan answers.

Susan: "What is it? I'm really, really busy."

Karl: "I came by to apologize."

Susan: "Oh, well, in that case, come on in. I'm not doing anything."

Karl: "I can't believe Edie brought the whole thing up. Susan, I, I am so sorry. I thought I was done hurting you."

Susan: "Yeah, me too. And just so you know, I'm sorry for flipping out. I shouldn't let you get to me like that."

Karl chuckles.

Susan: "What?"

Karl: "I do still get to you, don't I? That's the difference between the plumber and me. Oh, don't get me wrong. He's a good guy, and I like him. But I'm betting that you two don't have what we had together. There was always a spark between us."

Susan: "A spark?"

Karl: "Look, what I'm trying to say is, he must seem really safe, after me."

Susan: "A moray eel would seem safe after you."

Karl (laughing): "That's what I'm telling you about. That great back and forth, joking around. We used to argue and push each other's buttons."

Susan: "News flash! I hated all of that!"

Karl: "Come on, you have to admit, when it was good, it was the best."

Susan: "What are you saying?"

Karl: "Let's give this another shot."

Susan: "You want me back?"

Karl: "Yeah. Yeah. I realize now, that you were the woman that was meant for me."

Susan: "Wow. Just so we're clear. You want to move back in here and be faithful to me and love me with all your heart and soul?

Karl: "Absolutely."

Susan: "Oh my god. This is so wonderful!"

Karl: "I know. I know. I want to kiss you."

Susan: "Oh god, no. Karl, um, no, what I meant by wonderful was that I wondered inside if I still had feelings for you, if deep down I still loved you..."

Karl: "And?"

Susan: "And, there's nothing there."

Karl: "Come on, you got to feel something..."

Susan: "Well, actually, I do, yeah. Excuse me!"

She runs out of the house all cheery, throws the towel she was carrying up in the air, and runs over to Mike's house. She knocks on the door.

Mike: "Susan."

Susan: "Mike, guess what? I love you!"

Mike: "Are you sure?"

Susan: "Yes!"

They kiss. Then she looks over his shoulder and sees the two policemen in his house.

Susan: "Did I come at a bad time?"

Mike: "Um, they're just asking some questions about Mrs. Huber."

Susan ( to the police ): "I love him. You can write that in your little book."

Mike chuckles.

The police officer holds up his book and smiles. The other raises his eyebrows.

Outside

Focus in on a stack of Mrs. Huber Missing fliers. The wind begins to pick up, blowing the fliers all over.

"We are all searching for someone. That special person who will provide us what's missing in our lives. Someone who can offer companionship..."

At Bree's house, Bree is on the phone in her living room.

Bree: "George, hi, it's me, Bree. I was wondering, are you free next Saturday?"

On the other side of the room, in plain view, Rex stands there and shakes his head slightly.

Bree: "You are? Oh, that's wonderful."

"...or assistance..."

At Lynette's home, Lynette is on the phone with the phone book in front of her. Faintly, the sounds of her children screaming upstairs can be heard.

Lynette: "Hi, I understand your agency handles nannies. Uh, I need someone experienced and preferably unattractive."

On the other side of the kitchen, Tom sips from a cup of coffee and briefly closes his eyes in resignation.

"...or security..."

In Gabrielle's house, Gabrielle is on the phone.

Gabrielle: "Hi, honey. Did the lawyer tell you the good news? You're gonna make bail. I found your passport."

The burnt passport lies on the table.

"And sometimes if we search very hard, we can find someone who provides us..."

Susan sits outside her house, on her portable phone.

Susan: "Well, I just called to say hi, and I love you!"

"...with all three."

Mike stands in his open doorway of his house, smiling as he holds the phone to his ear.

Mike: "All right, right. Enough already."

In the woods the next day, a jogger and his dog run through the woods. The dog veers off to the left and the jogger follows.

"Yes, we are all searching for someone."

His dog stops and begins digging in the ground.

"And if we can't find them, we can only pray..."

The dog continues digging.

"...they find us."

Jogger: "Whatcha got, boy?"

He moves aside some dirt, revealing the swollen, grotesquely-colored hand of Mrs. Huber, lying in the dirt.
"Martha Huber waited her whole life for something to happen to her, something exciting. As a child, she hoped to be kidnapped by a band of pirates. As a teenager, she dreamt of being discovered by a Hollywood talent scout. As a young woman, she fantasized that a handsome millionaire would sweep her off her feet. But the years had flown by, and still, nothing exciting had ever happened to Martha Huber. Until the night she was murdered. "

Flashback to the night when Mrs. Huber was murdered by Paul.

Paul: "Hello, Mrs. Huber."

Martha: "Paul!"

Paul: "Let me give you a hand."

Martha: "That's really not necessary."

Paul: "I insist."

"In those last moments, it occurred to her, in addition to being boring, life could also be very cruel."

Woods, daytime

A man holds a missing person's flier showing Mrs. Huber. As the camera backs away, we see it's a policeman holding the flier. He walks over to where crime scene tape has been placed around where Mrs. Huber's body was found. Dozens of officials are around the scene, doing their job in removing the body.

"Luckily for Mrs. Huber, death was far more merciful. "

Officer Jackson: "What do you think?"

Police chief: "That's our missing woman, all right."

Channel 15 KQRY Eyewitness News van pulls up.

Police chief: "Aw, geez, it didn't take the media long to get wind of this. Make sure no one contaminates my crime scene."

He leaves. The policeman looks at the flier in his hand then down at Mrs. Huber lying in the dirt.

Officer Jackson: "Hey, little lady. A lot of people are looking for you, you know that? Your face is gonna be on the front page of every paper in this state. How's that for exciting?"

"Officer Jackson couldn't be sure, but for a brief moment, he thought he saw the corpse of Martha Huber, smile."

Credits

A police car pulls up in front of Mrs. Huber's house.

"Death had come once again to Wisteria Lane."

A policeman gets out of the car and walks over to Felicia Tilman, who's watering the lawn.

Police chief: "I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. We found your sister's body."

Felicia drops the hose and takes a step back.

Outside Susan's House

"Word of the tragedy would soon spread throughout the neighborhood. But for now, people went about their lives as they always did, blissfully unaware."

Susan comes out of her house and walks across the street to Mike's house, where she opens the door and walks in.

Susan: "Hello, anybody home?"

Mike's voice: "In the kitchen."

Susan: "Good news. I finished my book, so I thought to celebrate, you could take me out to lunch."

She stops in front of Mike, then sees Edie behind him, standing in the kitchen. Edie brushes past her.

Edie: "Hey, Susan."

Mike: "Uh, could we do a rain check? Edie and I are just looking over the plans to rebuild her house."

Edie: "My insurance company is finally cutting my check next week, and there's only one plumber I want. So don't expect to see this guy for a few months. I'm gonna be riding him hard."

Susan: "Well, if anyone can go the distance, he can. I should know."

She giggles and then kisses Mike. She then looks over at Edie and grabs at Mike to share a long passionate kiss with him.

Edie: "Uh, Mike?"

Mike glances at her, still lip-locked with Susan, as they turn slightly.

Edie: "Mike? We're on the clock."

Edie's cell phone rings. She picks it up.

Edie: "Hey Felicia, what's up?"

Her face saddens.

Mike: "Edie?"

Edie: "They found Martha."

Gym

Lynette, holding on to Penny, puts a Kleenex over Parker's nose.

Lynette: "Here, blow. Good, all right. Come on, it's going to be fun. Follow me."

They walk up to the front desk, where there is a sign-in roster. All of the spaces are filled, but Lynette adds her name at the bottom anyway.

The woman behind the desk, Lauren, stops her.

Lauren: "Excuse me. You can't do that."

Lynette: "I'm here for the 10 a.m. yoga meditation class."

Lauren: "Unfortunately, the day care center is full."

Lynette: "Yeah, I noticed that, but every time I come here, it's full."

Lauren: "It's a popular class, and the other moms come early. Look, all I can tell you is plan ahead next time."

Lynette: "Uh, Lauren? I'm a mother of four. Today I had to get up at five, make lunches, make breakfast, drop the twins off at school, and get across town lugging a baby and a sick child. Telling me to plan ahead is like telling me to sprout wings. And it's things like being told to plan ahead that make me so crazy, that yoga is the only thing that relaxes me, except I show up here, and I can't get in, and you tell me to plan ahead. It's a vicious cycle. See how that works?"

Lauren: "I get it, but if I broke the rules for you, I'd have to break them for the other moms too, and then the moms who actually follow the rules would get all pissed at me, and I'd have to get pissy right back, and before you know it, I don't have time to read my magazine. See how that works?"

Lynette: "I hope someday, you have lots of children."

Her cell phone rings and she picks it up.

Lynette: "Hello? Oh, hey Susan. Listen, I can't talk, I'm in the middle of something here. What?"

Outside Bree's House

A car pulls up to Bree's house. George gets out of the car and opens the door for Bree, who gets out.

George: "I had a wonderful time today."

Bree: "Thank you. I did too."

George walks back around the car to the trunk and Bree glances up at the 2nd-story window. She slams her car door, still looking up at the window.

Bree: "Sorry I can't invite you in for coffee."

George: "Oh, I get it. Rex still lives in the house. It would be awkward."

Bree: "Yeah, and I would rather cut off my hand than hurt his feelings."

She slams down the trunk and looks up at the window again.

Bree: "It'll, um, it'll be a lot easier once he gets well enough to move out."

George: "Do you want to have lunch tomorrow?"

Bree notices the curtain move, and knows Rex is watching. She gasps, and then leans forward and gives George a hug.

Bree: "I'd love to."

George: "Okay. Wow!"

Bree: "Pick me up at one and we'll do something fun."

George: "See you then."

Bree: "Oh, packages! Thank you."

George, who had forgot he was holding them, hands them to her.

Bree's cell phone rings.

Bree: "Hello! Oh, hi Lynette! What?"

Outside Gabrielle's House

Two men with U.S. Marshall' written on the backs of their jackets help a shackled Carlos out of the car.

Gabrielle comes out the front door carrying a bottle of champagne and two glasses.

Gabrielle: "Hi, honey! Welcome home!"

Still handcuffed, Carlos gives Gabrielle a small wave as one of the men unlocks the handcuffs.

Inside the house, Carlos walks the men to the door.

Carlos: "Thanks, guys. Take it easy."

The U.S. Marshalls walk out and he shuts the door behind them.

Gabrielle: "Come on, honey, let's celebrate! Sorry it's the cheap stuff. I had to economize. Now that you're back, we can restock the wine cellar. Let's toast."

They kiss.

Carlos: "Very good to be back"

Gabrielle: "What's that?"

She sees a blinking device sitting in the living room.

Carlos lifts up his foot and shows her another device attached to his ankle.

Carlos: "It transmits to this. My electronic monitoring device. didn't the lawyer tell you?"

Gabrielle: "Tell me what?"

Carlos: "I'm on house arrest. It's a condition of my bail."

Gabrielle: "Uh, no! No, he neglected to tell me that."

Carlos: "Yeah, if I move more than a hundred feet from that telephone, an alarm sounds. If I keep going, it transmits a signal to the FBI, and I'm back in jail."

Gabrielle: "But, how are you gonna work?"

Carlos: "I can't. I can't do anything."

Gabrielle: "Uh, no! No, no! That's unreasonable. What do they expect us to do for money?"

Carlos: "The lawyer's working on unfreezing the accounts. In the meantime, I mean, haven't you been working modeling jobs?"

Gabrielle: "Carlos, this is not like New York where I made thousands of dollars a day modeling haute couture. I'm doing boat shows. I spend eight hours a day doing this!"

She poses, but with a sarcastic grimace on her face.

Carlos: "I'd buy two boats from you." (laughs) "Come on."

He hands her one of the glasses.

Carlos: "Where's my toast?"

They clink glasses.

Gabrielle ( in a weary voice ): "Welcome home."

She swallows the champagne and grimaces.

The phone rings.

Gabrielle: "Hello. Hi Bree. What?"

Martha Huber's House

The police chief who came to tell Felicia of Mrs. Huber's death is sitting in the living room with Felicia. They get up and start walking to the door.

Police chief: "If you find anything in your sister's belongings that might shed some light on her death, um, letters or a date book, please, call me immediately."

Felicia: "I believe she did keep a diary of something. I'll look around for it."

They see a group of people standing outside on the sidewalk.

Felicia: "Look at them all. Vultures. Pretending to care when all they really want are the sordid details."

Police chief: "I don't know, I think they just want to show their support."

Felicia: "Please. Human beings feed on misery. Well, we might as well give the people what they want."

She continues to smile, wickedly, and then steps forward.

Felicia: "Hello. I want to thank you all for coming out here and expressing your genuine sorrow and disbelief. My sister, Martha, would have been so touched. I know that many of you have questions. I've just spoken with the police who are still putting together the details of what happened. What they do know is, Martha died a violent death."

The crowd is shocked.

Felicia: "Yes, I know. It's hard to hear. Apparently, there was a struggle. They found scratching and bruising on her body, several broken bones, and traces of dirt in her lungs, which leads us to believe that she was still alive at the time of her burial, and probably in great pain. But the good news is, there are no signs that she had been molested. Now, I think it's time that you return to your homes, to your loved ones. Oh, in lieu of a memorial service, I'll be holding an estate sale the day after tomorrow. Please, no personal checks."

She smiles and walks inside the house.

Susan, Gabrielle, Lynette, and Bree all have looks of disbelief on their faces.

Outside, Early Morning

"By the next morning, everyone on Wisteria Lane was aware of Martha Huber's demise, with no exceptions."

One of Lynette's children is drawing a picture of stick figures that shows a smiling woman with purple lips lying down, and two police officers in blue uniforms and huge yellow badges.

Lynette: "Okay, boys."

Twin: "Hey, mom."

Lynette: "You see this gum? If you promise to be quiet while I am downstairs playing cards, it's all yours. Deal?"

All three children: "Yeah!"

Lynette: "Yeah, okay. That's what I like to hear."

She hands them the gum and they grab for it.

Downstairs, Bree, Gabrielle, and Susan are sitting around the table with the cards.

Bree: "I mean, what are the odds? First Mary Alice and then Mrs. Huber? I mean, it's shocking."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, but this is different. Someone was actually murdered on our street."

Lynette: "I remember talking to her right before she disappeared."

Susan: "You did? What'd you talk about?"

Lynette: "Oh, actually, she yelled at me for not bringing my garbage cans in."

Bree: "I'm gonna miss her."

The doorbell rings. Lynette answers it.

Lynette: "Edie!"

Edie: "Hi."

Lynette: "Hi. Come on in."

Edie: "Oh, you're all here."

Lynette: "Yeah. Tuesday's poker day."

Edie: "Really."

Lynette: "Yeah."

Edie: "Oh, you know, I love poker."

Everyone suddenly looks down at their cards.

Edie ( slight laugh ): "Okay, then. Well, here's the deal. Since the Ice Queen isn't doing anything to memorialize her sister, I have decided to carry Martha's ashes up to Torch Lake and scatter them myself. It's where her husband proposed."

Lynette: "That's so sweet."

Edie: "I know. So, I thought that some of the neighbors could caravan up there, and we'd have a little ceremony. I've printed out maps if anyone needs one, and the dress is semi-formal."

Gabrielle: "You know, Edie, I'd love to go, but, um, I just got back into modeling, you know, just for fun, and I have a gig tomorrow. I can't leave 'em hanging."

Lynette: "I wish I would have known earlier. I would have arranged a sitter."

Bree: "Darn, I have to take Rex to his angiogram."

Edie: "Hmmm." (looking at Susan) "Well, Mayer, what's your excuse?"

Susan: "I'm just, you know, busy. Stuff."

Edie: "Well, your friends are much better liars."

She takes the map she had handed them earlier and stalks out, slamming the door behind her.

Later, Lynette walks into a bedroom upstairs where the boys are.

Lynette: "Okay, Mommy's friends are gone now and you can - "

Porter and Preston are standing behind Parker, who is smiling. His hair is standing up all over, obviously with gum in it.

Lynette exhales.

Later...

Lynette has Parker in the bathroom, sitting on the closed toilet seat as she tries to comb through the gum.

Parker: "Ow! Ow!"

Lynette: "Well yeah, I know it hurts, but that's what you get when you let your brothers put bubble gum in your hair. Pain and misery."

Parker: "Are you mad at me?"

Lynette: "Yes! Yes! I am mad at you."

Parker: "Ow!"

Lynette: "And I'm also cranky. You know how you get when you haven't taken a nap? Well mommies are the same way. We need our down time, and if we don't get it - "

Parker: "Ow!"

Lynette: "- sorry, we end saying and doing things which we don't normally do."

Parker: "Ow!"

Lynette: "And it's frustrating for me too, cause I do want to be the best mommy I can be."

Parker: "I think you're the best mommy in the world."

Lynette: "Oh. That's sweet of you, but it's not exactly true."

She goes to the cabinet and removes an electric razor. She turns it on and Parker hangs his head.

Park

Bree and George sit in the park on the ground, a picnic spread out around them.

Bree: "I was so afraid when I suggested a picnic, that you'd make fun of me, but I just think it's such a lovely, old-fashioned way to spend an afternoon."

George: "Well, as it happens, I'm an old-fashioned kind of guy."

Bree: "Oh, and we got so lucky with the weather, it's just absolutely - "

George reaches forward and put his hand on her hand on her leg. She smiles at him. He smiles at her. She pulls her hand back.

Bree: "You know, your lunch hour is almost up. We should probably be getting you back to the pharmacy."

George: "Wait. I've had such a good time, these last few days, I just want to show my appreciation."

Bree: "Another gift? I hope it's not another orchid, they're so expensive."

George: "Relax, this didn't cost me a dime."

He puts a box in front of her.

Bree opens the box, exhales, puts her hand to her mouth.

Bree: "George, you shouldn't have."

Bree reaches down and pulls a pistol out of the box.

Bree: "This is a 9-mm Luger PO8!"

George: "The moment you said you were in the NRA, I knew I wanted to give it to you."

Bree: "I can't accept this, George! This is an antique. It's too valuable."

George: "It's okay. My grandfather gave it to me. It was surrendered to him by a soldier during World War ll. Since I don't know how to shoot..."

Bree: "It's so lovely. I mean, look at the handle. Is that mother of pearl?"

George: "I think so. Only the officer's models had that. Do you really like it?"

Bree: "Oh, absolutely. George, this is just so much better than an orchid."

Bree raises the gun and looks down the line of sight. George puts his hand on her thigh. This time she reaches down and clasps his hand, squeezing it.

Outside, Nighttime

Susan walks over to Mrs. Huber's house, where Felicia is carrying boxes to the curb.

Susan: "Hi. Mrs. Mayer. I saw you from across the street. I thought you might need a hand."

Felicia: "No, thanks."

Susan: "I, I'm sorry for what happened. It must be really hard, not knowing who did it, or why. You must feel helpless."

Felicia: "A bit. I'm hoping her journals will provide some insight."

Susan: "Journals?"

Felicia: "Yes, Martha kept them for years."

Susan: "Oh. So, she must have written a lot of things in them?"

Felicia: "Every mundane detail of her life. And everyone else's, for that matter. The police want to see them, but I'm stalling them 'til I have a chance to read through them first myself. wouldn't want any embarrassing family secrets getting out."

Susan: "That's smart, that, that's good."

Felicia turns away.

Susan: "That's good to hear."

She turns and leaves.

Susan's House

Susan paces in the kitchen.

Susan: "I am so screwed."

Julie: "Mom, calm down."

Susan: "Everything about the fire and the measuring cup is gonna be in that journal. Everyone is gonna think I'm an arsonist."

Julie: "It may not be as bad as it looks."

Susan: "What, you think there's a chance Mrs. Huber didn't write about it in the journal?"

Julie: "Please. It's great dirt. I even put it in my journal. you're gonna have to get to Mrs. Britt and come clean. Convince her it was an accident. If she doesn't press charges, the police will probably just let it go."

Susan: "Are you high? Edie hates me."

Julie: "That's why you're gonna grovel at her feet and beg forgiveness."

Susan stares at Julie.

Julie: "That's right. you're gonna have to suck up to Edie Britt."

Mike's House, the following day

Mike pulls his car into the driveway.

When he walks up his porch, he finds the front door ajar. He walks in, looks around quickly and carefully, then strides to the kitchen, finds the cabinets open, and sees that the money, maps and notes are gone.

The red light on the answering machine is blinking.

The voice of Mr. Shaw, the mysterious ominous old man from the park, begins speaking from the machine.

Mr. Shaw: "Hey Mike, as you probably see by now, I took back my money and what little information you managed to dig up on your neighbors. Your replacement's going to need it. Pack up and move on with your life. Sorry about the mess."

Furious, Mike's hand sweeps across the table where the machine is sitting. Papers fly everywhere.

Gym

Lynette walks into the Yoga center with Penny and Parker. Parker wears a baseball cap.

Lynette: "We're here! Woo! Ten minutes early! Sign me up?"

Lauren: "You just missed the rush, sorry."

Lynette: "No! No! I, I planned ahead."

Parker takes off his hat and scratches his shaved head.

Lynette: "We're, we're ten minutes early."

Parker coughs.

Lauren: "Oh my god!"

Lynette: "What?"

Lauren: "When you said you had a sick child, I had no idea. How long has it been?"

Lynette looks at Parker. He looks down at the floor and coughs again.

Lynette: "Uh, it kind of snuck up on us."

Lauren: "He's so young too. God, it just breaks my heart."

Lynette: "Oh."

She laughs.

Lynette: "No, you see, here's the thing - "

Lauren: "You go ahead into class. I'll find room for your kids."

Lynette: "Okay."


Construction site

Susan walks up to the site where Edie's house will be built. Construction workers are there, working.

Susan: "Hey, Edie!"

Edie: "Susan."

Susan: "Boy, I gotta say, I envy you."

Edie: "In the name of God, why?"

Susan: "Well, you get to build your dream house, for free. I mean, in a weird way, your house burning down was really a good thing."

Edie: "There's nothing good about it. I can't replace the memories, the photographs, the - is there something you want?"

Susan: "Okay, here's the deal, Edie. I, I - "

Edie: "I, I, what? Spit it out already, I'm busy."

Susan: "I just wanted to see how you were holding up. You know, with Mrs. Huber and everything."

Edie: "My best friend was murdered and stuffed into a garbage bag. And nobody cares enough to go with me to spread her ashes."

Susan: "I'll go with you, Edie."

Edie turns and looks at her.

Gabrielle's House, nighttime

A tired Gabrielle, in a gold dress, walks into the house carrying a red and white striped bucket of fried chicken.

Gabrielle ( wearily ): "Hey."

Carlos: "Oh, thank God, I'm starving!"

Gabrielle: "Well, dig in. I am way too tired to eat."

Carlos catches her wrist as she walks by.

Carlos: "I'm sorry."

She sits on the couch and he massages her shoulders.

Carlos: "So, did you get to go by the hospital? Visit Mama?"

Gabrielle: "I worked ten hours today. I'll go by tomorrow. She doesn't even know when I'm there."

Carlos: "She's gonna wake up soon, I know it."

He kisses her neck.

Carlos: "And you know what would make her really happy."

Gabrielle ( gets up ): "If you say, a grandchild, so help me God!"

Carlos: "Gabrielle, please!"

Gabrielle: "No, you promised, no babies!"

Carlos: "Things change!"

Gabrielle: "Yeah, I know. The Feds towed away my Maserati. My husband is, is a felon, and I spend my days getting groped by fat tracker salesmen at trade shows. I am well aware things change!"

Carlos: "A baby is solid, a constant."

Gabrielle: "And who is going to be changing the diapers when you're pumping iron in a Federal prison, huh? I like my lifestyle, and I don't want you to kill it."

Carlos: "Well, look around, Gabrielle, it's already dead. And there's nothing you can control."

Gabrielle: "Maybe. But having a baby, that, I can control. You, I can control."

Carlos: "Hey, you can't talk to me like that. I'm still the man of this house."

Gabrielle: "Oh, really?"

She bends down and picks up the bucket of fried chicken.

Gabrielle: "The man of the house?"

She turns and walks toward the front door. She grabs a large white paper bag as she walks.

Carlos: "don't walk away from me! Hey, hey! My food?"

She walks out the front door.

Carlos: "Gabrielle, come back here right now!"

She hurries down the steps and down the sidewalk.

Gabrielle: "I wouldn't go too much farther, you're going to end up back in prison."

Carlos: "Damn it! Gabrielle! Get inside now!"

She sits down on the edge of the road on the other side of the street. She opens up the bucket of fried chicken.

Gabrielle: "Mmm."

Carlos: "Hey, I waited all day for that!"

Gabrielle: "Mmm, it's perfect! Oh, mm, crispy and burnt on the outside but nice and steamy on the inside."

Carlos takes a few tentative steps forward and his ankle bracelet begins flashing and beeping.

Gabrielle: Uh, uh, uh! Mmmm. Mmmm. you're the man of the house? You can't even leave it!"

She holds up a piece of meat, dangling it over her open mouth, then drops it slowly into her mouth.

Carlos gives a beastly cry of indignation, turns around, clasps his hands on the back of his neck and stomps back into the house.

Nighttime

A car pulls up near a barn. George and Bree get out. As George carries a bag of empty bottles, Bree sets them up on a fence post.

George: "I love this. It's like a little adventure. I've never fired a gun before."

Bree: "The memory of this night will stay with you forever."

George: "Really?"

Bree: "Oh, yeah. You always remember your first time. God, I hope I brought enough bullets."

George: "You know, Bree, I can't tell you what these past few days have meant to me, finally getting out of the house and trying new things."

Bree: "Well, we sure have had some fun."

George: "No, no, it's, it's more than that. I'm starting to forget what it feels like to be lonely."

Bree: "Oh, George, that's so sweet. Now come on, let's go shoot something!"

Standing by the car, Bree holds the gun as she instructs George.

Bree: "Now before I fire a handgun, I like to go over a few of the basics just to make sure I'm ready. Okay? So, number one, a strong stance."

She points the gun in front of her, looking down the line of sight.

Bree: "Two, high hand grasp. Three, hard grip. Four, front sight. Five, release the safety, and then squeeze the trigger slowly."

George: "What's a high hand grasp?"

Bree: "Here. Take the gun."

Bree gives it to him, then stands behind him to help him position himself. The car headlights shine on them. We see the fence and two bottles in the distance.

Bree: "Okay. Now when you're firing a semi-automatic, you want the web of your hand all the way up against the edge of the back strap."

George: "What is that perfume you're wearing?"

Bree: "Uh, I'm not wearing perfume."

George: "Are you sure? Because you smell amazing?"

Bree: "Oh, I was making macaroons before I left the house."

Bree: "Okay, now I want you to hold the gun like you're holding a beautiful white dove. Hold it firmly enough that it can't get away, but not so firmly that you can kill it. Got it?"

George (grinning): "I think so."

Bree:" Okay, now all you have to do is take a deep breath..."

George turns his head, looking at Bree, Bree is looking at the gun.

Bree: "...and squeeze the trigger."

George's lips move toward's Bree's face and then he kisses her.

Bree (squeals): "George!"

The gun goes off and George falls to the ground, screaming and clutching his leg.

He lies on the ground, screaming with pain as Bree hovers over him.

Hospital

Bree walks into George's hospital room carrying a tall white vase with beautiful flowers. George has a big cast on his leg. He stares up at the ceiling.

Bree: "Hey. Hi, George. I'm so sorry you lost your toe. The doctor said it's your middle one so your balance shouldn't be affected. I mean, this really won't change your life one little bit. Please say something."

George: "I've always dreamed that before I died, I would get to kiss a truly beautiful woman. I finally get the chance, and I end up blowing off a toe. I'm not surprised. This type of thing always happens to me, you know. I know I'll get over it. But the thing that I don't think I'll ever get over, is that when I did kiss you, you pulled away from me."

George turns and looks at her for the first time.

George: "Why did you do that, Bree?"

Bree: "I was just caught off guard."

George: "But, we're dating. Why would it be so surprising I would try to kiss you?"

Bree: "I'm still married to Rex. I mean, we're not even legally separated yet."

George: "He cheated on you. You said you were going to hate him forever."

Bree: "You shouldn't listen to a woman who's just had her heart broken. We tend to lie."

George turns away from Bree and she walks out of the room.

Gym

Lynette walks into the Yoga center pushing Penny in a stroller. Plenty of people are in the waiting area, and she accidentally bumps into one of them.

Lynette: "Hi, sorry."

She looks at the clock. 10:10 a.m.

"Lynette knew serious illness was not a matter to be treated lightly."

She reaches down and picks up Parker and puts him on her hip.

Parker: "What are you doing?"

Lynette: "I'm just picking up my sick poor little baby boy. All right, here."

She takes his hat off, to show his shaved head.

"But making her yoga class was a matter of life and death."

She works her way to the desk.

Lynette: "Excuse me. Sorry. Sorry. Excuse me. Excuse me. Hey Lauren! Hi. We had a really rough morning."

Lauren: "Don't give it another thought."

Lynette smiles.

Outside, on a road

Edie's car is by the side of the road. Susan rolls a tire to the trunk as Edie leans against the car.

Edie: "I bet you were a cheerleader in high school, weren't you?"

Susan: "My junior year. How'd you know?"

Edie: "Girls like you were always cheerleaders. Clear skin. Honor Roll. Popular. In high school, I was the girl that hung out with the freaks at the loading dock. And smoked. Everyone hated us."

Susan: "Well, you know high school. Thank God we leave that behind!"

Edie: "See, I don't think we do."

Susan twists the torque wrench to tighten a lug nut on the tire.

Edie: "I'm still the outsider that doesn't get invited to the cool parties, and you're still the perky cheerleader who thinks that she can pull the wool over everyone's eyes."

Susan ( cautious ): "What?"

Edie: "You came on this trip, paid for the gas, and look at you, you're changing this flat when you know I have auto club. You want something from me."

Susan: "I just know Mrs. Huber's death's been hard on you. I want to help."

Edie: "That's a lie."

Susan: "Why would you think I was lying?"

Edie: "Because we're still in high school. The old rules apply. The cool kids only want to talk to the freaks when they need something. Now you're not getting back in my car until you tell me what it is that you want."

Susan: "Okay. Look, uh, I, I just haven't always treated you well, and I want to make amends."

Edie: "Hm. I still think you're full of crap. But we don't have time to debate this."

Susan puts the torque wrench in the trunk and Edie closes it.

Susan: "You know, for what it's worth, I would have talked to you in high school."

Edie: "Of all the lies you told, that's the worst."

Mr. Shaw's House

Mike closes the door to his SUV, then climbs a small hill to a large white house, with a huge front porch. He turns the corner on the porch and sees Mr. Shaw sitting there.

Mr. Shaw: "Single malt?"

Mike stares at him.

Mr. Shaw: "Have a seat. Take a load off."

Mike: "I want it all back. My maps, pictures, my gun, and the money."

Mr. Shaw: "Oh, my money."

Mike: "You are never gonna get anybody who cares as much about finding Deirdre as I do!"

Mr. Shaw: "Why? Because you loved her so much? You abandoned her, remember? You saved yourself, found yourself a nice, safe wife, and you left my daughter to rot, so forgive me if I question your level of commitment."

Mike grabs him, spins him around, pushing him against one of the square porch pillars, and places his forearm against his throat. Still holding him there, he begins speaking.

Mike: "I need to do this! Why are you fighting me?"

Mr. Shaw: "Because you haven't been moving fast enough. And I'm running out of time."

Mike: "What do you mean?"

Mr. Shaw: "It seems I have a tumor. Apparently, it's pressing on my brain."

Mike backs off.

Mr. Shaw: "I'm gonna die. And I'd like to know what happened to my daughter before I do."

Gym

Lynette is talking to Lauren.

Lynette: "Ah. That was the best class ever. You can just terrific, thank you."

Lauren: "Oh Lynette, this is my friend Kelly."

Kelly: "Hi."

Lynette: "Hi!"

Lauren: "She wanted to meet Parker."

Lynette: "Oh really? Why?"

Kelly: "I'm a survivor. Breast cancer. About six years ago. Can I hug your son?"

Lynette: "Sure."

Kelly kneels down to eye level with Parker.

Kelly: "I know exactly what you're going through. But you're gonna be brave, okay? You are going to survive this, because you are a tough little soldier."

Kelly looks like she is about to cry, and then she hugs Parker. Parker turns and looks at Lynette.

Parker: "Mommy? Am I dying?"

Lynette glances first at Kelly, then at Lauren. She gets down on her knees, eye level with Parker. She makes a funny face with big eyes as she looks him in the eye.

Lynette: "No! you're not dying! People just think that because I shaved your head."

Kelly: "You shaved his head?"

Parker: "Yeah, my brothers put bubble gum in my hair."

Lynette: "Sorry." (Starts walking away) "Excuse me."

"And just like that, Lynette realized the road to enlightenment and spiritual well being was now closed to her."

Outside Bree's House

Bree gardens near her front steps when George, on a pair of crutches, comes up to her.

Bree: "Oh George! What - what a surprise!"

George: "See, I've been doing a lot of thinking, since we talked in the hospital. And - "

Bree: "And?"

George: "Bree, I don't care what we call it! We can call it dating, we can call it hanging out. Whatever it is, I just want to be with you. See, uh, I really need our friendship back."

Bree: "I don't think that would be wise."

George: "Why not?"

Bree: "Well, I mean, wouldn't you keep hoping that in time I would feel the same way about you as you feel about me?"

George: "Maybe."

Bree smiles ruefully and shakes her head slightly.

Bree: "Oh, George."

George: "I wish you wouldn't say Oh, George' like that. Like I'm so pathetic for even thinking you could love me someday."

Bree: "I don't think you're pathetic. It's just that...I can't."

George: "Aw, geez. Oh, geez!"

He turns and heads back to his car as fast as he can maneuver on the crutches.

Bree: "Oh George, please don't go!"

He hobbles away, faster and faster.

Bree: "Why can't we talk this over? George, I - "

She reaches out to stop him. He twists away when she touches him and he loses his balance, falling down the brick steps at the end of her front walk, and landing in a heap on the side walk.

Bree: "Oh my God! George, here."

She starts toward him to help him.

George (anguished): "Get away from me!"

Bree jumps back in alarm.

Bree: "You can lean on me."

George: "I don't need you! I don't need anybody!"

By now, he's picked himself up and he slowly makes his way around to the driver's side of the car.

Gabrielle's House

Carlos lies on the bed while Gabrielle comes in from the closet, carrying her shoes. She sits on the bed to put the on.

Gabrielle: "You know honey, tonight's the last night of the boat show. We'll be able to spend some time together before that home and garden thing next week. Carlos."

Carlos: "I'm going to jail. And you're not gonna be here when I get back."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "It's true. And I won't blame you."

Gabrielle: "don't talk like that. Everything is going to be fine. We're going to sort this mess out, and you're gonna be on top again."

Carlos: "Gabrielle, they could find me guilty on every charge. I could go to prison for five years. we'd probably have to sell the house, you'd have to keep working."

Gabrielle: "Okay, Carlos - "

Carlos: "If that happens, can you promise you won't ever leave?"

Gabrielle: "I promise."

She leans forward and kisses him on the lips.

Gabrielle: "I've gotta go."

Torch Lake

Susan is rowing a boat to the middle of the lake while Edie sits with Mrs. Huber's ashes in her lap.

Edie: "This is far enough."

Susan: "Do you need help with the container?"

Edie: "No, I got it open. I'm good."

Edie looks up at the sky.

Susan: "So, what are you waiting for?"

Edie: "I just need a moment, okay?"

Susan: "Oh, of course, take your time."

Edie begins sobbing.

Susan: "Are you okay?"

Edie sobs: "Oh, I'm just so grateful."

Susan: "I know, I know. Mrs. Huber was a good friend to you."

She puts her hands on Edie's lap.

Edie: "I'm not talking about Martha. I'm grateful to you."

Susan: "Me?"

Edie: "Yeah, I've been such a bitch to you over the years, and here you are, rowing me out to dump her ashes."

Susan: "Well, it's, it's really no, no big deal."

Edie: "Yes, it is. You stepped up when nobody else would. And here I am, thinking you have an ulterior motive. God, Susan, you're such a good person. And I'm such a bitch!"

Susan: "Well, Edie, you're not that bad, and, and, and believe me, I'm, I'm not that good."

Edie: "Oh, yes you are."

Susan: "Oh, please don't do this."

Edie: "Martha may be gone, but the good Lord above has shown me that I'm not alone."

Susan's eyes look cautiously at the sky.

Edie: "I am so grateful that I still have a true friend."

Edie reaches out her hand. Susan takes it.

Edie: "Thank you, Susan."

Susan: "Edie, I burned your house down."

Edie: "Huh?"

Susan: "I was scared that you were sleeping with Mike, and so I let myself in, and I, I snuck around, I accidentally knocked a candle over, and the whole, just, I'm so sorry! Can you ever forgive me?"

Edie takes her hand back. Then, she throws Martha's ashes in Susan's face.

Edie: "Row me back. Now."

Susan coughs a plume of gray ash.

Mr. Shaw's House

Mike and the Mr. Shaw are sitting on his porch.

Mike: "I'm sorry about before, shoving you, I didn't mean to."

Mr. Shaw laughs.

Mr. Shaw: "I'm not going to break. I'm sorry too, for questioning your commitment, your guts. I know better than that."

Mike: "Yeah, you should. I keep this with me, all the time. To remind me why I'm there."

He hands Mr. Shaw a wrinkled photograph of a young Mike with a beautiful woman.

Mr. Shaw: "If it turns out someone hurt her, I want them dead."

Mike: "We need to be sure before we do anything."

Mr. Shaw: "Well, when you're sure. I know I can trust you to take care of it. After all, you already killed for her once."

Gabrielle's House

Carlos is vacuuming the house. Gabrielle comes down the stairs, blows him a kiss, and then walks out. Carlos waits till she's gone, then turns off the vacuum and goes over to the phone and dials a number.

Carlos: "Yes, is this the pharmacy? My wife asked me to call. She lost her prescription. Gabrielle Solis. Yeah, the birth control pills."

As he continues talking, it becomes a voiceover for what Carlos begins doing.

Carlos: "Great. she'll be very relieved. Can she get enough for several months? Yeah, that's right, better safe than sorry. Thanks a lot. Oh, do you guys deliver?"

Carlos removes the pills from a prescription bag and very carefully, slits open the package. Then, he methodically replaces them with something else.

Susan's House, outside

Edie's car pulls up and stops outside Susan's house.

Susan: "Edie, please talk to me."

Edie looks away and says nothing.

Susan: "I've been thinking about this for the last ninety miles and you don't have to forgive me. You can go to the police, kick me, you can burn my house down. You just have to know that I am so racked with guilt, I don't think it's possible for me to suffer any more than I'm already suffering."

Edie: "Boy, I'd like to put that theory to the test."

Susan: "Well, whatever you want to do, Edie, just know that I'm sorry."

Susan gets out of the car and walks slowly up her walkway. Edie gets out of the car and leans against it to call out to Susan.

Edie: "I'm not going to the police."

Susan: "you're not?"

Edie: "No. The insurance company will just want to investigate, and it will delay my check."

Susan: "Thank you."

Edie: "But."

She closes her car door and walks around the car to meet Susan.

Edie: "There is something I want you to do for me."

Susan: "Of course, anything. Uh, you name it! What?"

Edie: "I want to be invited to your poker game."

Susan: "Our poker games?"

Edie: "I'm not saying that I'll go. And I'm not saying that you and your little friends have to be nice to me. But, every once in a while, yeah! It'd be nice to be asked."

Susan: "Well, we meet on Tuesdays, and it's potluck lunch. Everybody has to bring something."

Edie: "I'm not bringing anything."

Susan: "Oh, you don't have to. Well, this is good. Thank you. I guess I should go take a shower and wash Mrs. Huber off of me."

Edie: "Hold it. I can't stand the thought of Martha's ashes going down some sewer drain."

Susan: "Well, Edie, I, I have to clean up."

Edie: "Well, this is such a beautiful lawn. We could put her to rest right here!"

Susan: "On my front lawn?"

Edie: "Why not? She could spend all of eternity looking at her house, and keep an eye on the neighborhood. she'd like that. Stand over here, I'll hose you off."

Susan: "I don't think so."

Edie: "You owe me!"

Susan slowly walks onto the lawn.

Edie: "Martha, I'm gonna miss you."

Edie hoses her down.

Mrs. Huber's House

Felicia is looking at a flier advertising the disappearance of Mrs. Martha Huber.

"Death is inevitable. It's a promise made to each of us at birth. But before that promise is kept, we all hope something will happen to us."

Felicia crumples the flier and throws it away.

"Whether it is the thrill of romance..."

Carlos and Gabrielle are kissing on their couch, and he reclines her.

"The joy of raising a family..."

Lynette is trying to yoga, and three boys go running by, one bumps her.

"Or the anguish of great loss..."

Mike is looking at the photograph again.

"We all hope to experience something that make our lives meaningful."

Mr. Shaw is looking at a photograph of a young woman.

"But the sad fact is, not all lives have meaning."

We see George walk into his house. He turns on the TV and sits down in an easy chair, pulling a TV dinner towards him.

"Some people spend their time on this planet just sitting on the sidelines..."

The TV is showing a copy of the security recording from the pharmacy. It shows Bree making a purchase.

"...waiting for something to happen to them, before it's too late."
A car drives down Wisteria Lane. It pulls into Susan's driveway and we see that it's Susan. She looks over at Lynette's house, where Lynette is lecturing her boys on the front lawn.

Lynette: "...okay, your 30 seconds is up now. Get back here, get back here, get back here. I want the toys picked up. How many times do I have to tell you, pick up your toys! You want a spanking? Is that what you want?"

The boys shout back at her.

"There is a look that parents of well behaved children, give to the parents of the not so well behaved..."

Lynette: "Porter, don't you dare look at me like that. I will wipe that smirk right off your face. And dont think that I wont..."

"A look that says You should learn to control your kids.'"

Lynette catches sight of Susan looking over at her and trails off.

"...after all, they're your responsibility."

Lynette smiles and gives Susan an embarrassed shrug. Susan gets her groceries out of her car and walks to her front door.

"Of course, it was easy for Susan to feel smug with a daughter like Julie. She always brought home straight A's."

Flashback to a grinning Julie showing Susan her report card.

Susan ( squeals ): "Oh, you did it again!"

"She was helpful around the house."

Flashback to Julie pulling a Christmas tree out of the front door to the end of the driveway after Christmas.

"She was bright, affectionate, and considerate of others."

Julie sits on the curb, consoling the mailman, with mail strewn everywhere. Julie turns her head to look at Susan next to a turned over pink bicycle, with a letter caught in the spokes of the front wheel.

"To her mother's way of thinking, Julie was the perfect child. Unfortunately, Susan was about to discover that no such creature existed."

Susan looks in the window of the door and sees Zach and Julie kissing. She opens the door.

Julie: "Mom!"

Susan: "What is going on here? Were you just kissing my daughter?"

Zach: "I...uh...a little."

Susan: "What are you thinking?"

Julie: "Mom, calm down."

Susan: "She's only fourteen!"

Zach: "Yeah, I should, I should probably be going."

Susan: "You think?"

Susan hands Zach his glasses.

Zach: "See you Friday."

He leaves and Susan turns to Julie.

Susan: "What is he talking about? What's happening on Friday?"

Julie: "He's taking me to the school dance."

Susan: "Oh, no he's not."

Julie: "Mom, I know you saw us kissing, but you've got to chill now."

Susan: "Don't tell me to chill, I have no intentions of chilling."

Julie: "Whatever. I'm taking out the trash."

Susan: "You're not going, you're going to stay here and talk about this."

Julie: "I'm not going to talk to you while you're freaking out."

Susan: "Just so we're clear, you are not allowed to see him anymore."

Susan follows Julie outside, still arguing with her, as Julie walks to the trash can.

"There is also a look that parents of not so well behaved children give to parents like Susan."

Julie: "Fine!"

She drops the trash on the ground next to the trash car and storms inside. Susan looks up and sees Lynette standing on her own lawn, watching.

"It says Welcome to the club.'"

Lynette tilts her head and gives a smile.

Credits

Outside Paul's House

"Suburbia is a place filled with responsible people trying to live responsible lives."

Paul is shown bringing in the trash, and then painting his fence.

"Of course, even the most responsible among us, has mistakes in their past."

Focus in on Gabrielle's house and Carlos inside, reading a magazine on the couch.

"Mistakes they'd like to forget. Mistakes that sometimes come back to haunt them."

Gabrielle walks by the couch holding an open peanut butter jar with a spoon in it, then hears a car door slam. She looks out the window and sees the parents of John walking towards her house.

Gabrielle: "I'm gonna go get the mail."

Gabrielle quickly walks out of the house carrying the peanut butter.

Gabrielle: "Helen, uh, what are you doing here?"

Helen: "Hello, Gabrielle. I dont believe youve met my husband, Bob."

Gabrielle: "Hi! So nice to meet you."

She reaches out to shake his hand, and then holds it and starts dragging him along away from the windows in her house.

Bob Rowland: "Um, we, uh, came to talk to you about our son."

Gabrielle: "I haven't seen John in weeks. He's called and left messages, but I haven't returned any. It's over, I swear."

Helen Rowland: "We're not here about that. We need you to do something for us."

Gabrielle: "Oh, okay."

Bob Rowland: "John surprised us last night when he announced he was turning down his college scholarship."

Helen Rowland: "Instead, he's decided to expand his gardening business. Mow lawns full time."

Gabrielle: "Well, why, uh, why would he do that?"

Helen Rowland: "We don't know why. Do you think we'd be talking to you if we did?"

Bob Rowland: "You'll have to forgive my wife. She's still upset over the whole, um..."

Helen Rowland: "Statutory rape thing."

Bob Rowland: "Helen!"

Gabrielle: "What do you want me to do?"

Bob Rowland: "He's refusing to talk to us. If you could just convince him that he's making a big mistake..."

Gabrielle: "John and I made a clean break. I think it's best if we just keep our distance."

Bob Rowland: "Please. Last week he turned eighteen and moved out of the house. We're stuck."

Gabrielle: "I'm sorry. I, I'm so sorry, I just can't handle this right now. I have my own personal things going on. My life is falling apart."

Helen Rowland: "I don't care."

Bob Rowland: "Helen."

Helen Rowland: "We haven't gone to the police about what you did. That can easily change."

Gabrielle: "I'll see what I can do."

Helen Rowland: "Good."

They start to leave.

Bob Rowland: "So nice to meet you!"

Gabrielle gives an automatic smile. Helen clears her throat and glares at Bob, who follows her.

Lynette's House

Lynette stands on a ladder that's propped against the side of the house up to the roof. The two twins stand on the sidewalk, looking up, watching her.

Lynette: "You can do this, all right? Just, just scootch down a few inches, and I'll grab you."

Parker (sitting on the roof): "No, you'll drop me!"

Lynette: "I'm not gonna drop you. I might strangle you for climbing up here in the first place. But drop you, no. Come on!"

The car that has just pulled up to the sidewalk honks its horn. A man climbs out of the car and walks toward Preston and Porter, who rush at him. He gives them big hugs as Tom gets out of the car.

Lynette: "Okay. Just wait."

She begins climbing down the ladder.

Tom: "Look who I found wandering around the airport!"

Lynette: "Hey, Rodney!"

Tom: "Is Parker back up on the roof?"

Lynette: "Yep."

Tom: "See if he can find that frisbee while he's up there."

Lynette: "Yeah, I'm gonna get right on that."

Rodney: "Oh! How's my favorite girl?"

They hug.

Lynette: "I'm so happy to see you. It's such a shame that Alison couldn't make it."

Rodney: "Oh, just another business trip for the wandering salesman. She'd be bored to tears."

He looks up at the roof where Parker is sitting.

Rodney: "Hey, Parker! Come on, aren't you going to give me a hug?"

Parker shakes his head no.

Rodney: "It's grandpa!"

He holds open his arms.

Lynette: "Don't take it personally. He's scared to climb down."

Rodney: "Oh, can I give it a shot?"

Lynette: "Uh, yeah, sure, knock yourself out! Be careful."

Rodney climbs up the ladder.

Rodney: "Parker. I've got a question for you. It's only one, but it's kinda an important question. A character defining question, actually. Wanna hear it?"

Parker: "Mm-hmm."

Rodney: "Only a little girl would be afraid to come down the ladder. Now, you're not a little girl, are you?"

Lynette's expression changes like she can't believe what she's hearing.

Rodney: "I'm not looking at a little girly girl, am I?"

Rodney cocks his head and looks quizzically at Parker. Lynette cocks her head and her expression changes to disbelief.

A few minutes later, Rodney climbs down the ladder with Parker on his back.

Lynette: "Are you okay?"

Rodney, breathing hard with Parker on his back, jogs into the house as Tom comes out.

Tom (to Rodney): "Wow, you got him down!" (to Lynette) "How'd he do that?"

Lynette: "Sexism."

Bree's House

Bree and Rex sit opposite each other at the dining room table. There are six lawyers at the table with them, three on each side.

Bree's Lawyer: "Let's start off by addressing the division of assets."

Rex's Lawyer: "Well, we're not prepared to discuss either the primary residence or the retirement plans at this time."

Bree's Lawyer: "Are you prepared to discuss the cars, the antiques?"

Rex's Lawyer: "I'd like to start by discussing the country club membership. Access to the facilities is integral to Dr. Van de Kamps medical practice here..."

Rex: "What are we doing here?"

Rex's Lawyer: "I'm sorry, Rex?"

Rex: "I'm talking to my wife. Surrounded by lawyers, dividing up our stuff? I dont want this. I thought I did, but I dont. Maybe we should talk this over before its too late. What do you say, Bree? Should we send the vultures home?"

There's a long pause as Bree looks at Rex. Then she turns to her lawyer.

Bree: "I want to keep the club membership. Rex is terrible at tennis. And he hates buffets."

Bree's Lawyer: "Okay. If you'll turn to page two of our proposed settlement, youll find our prioritized list."

Rex's Lawyer: "Right."

Paul's House

Paul sits down in a chair, smiling.

Paul: "They were kissing, huh?"

Susan: "Right at my kitchen table."

Paul: "You must have shocked the hell out of them."

He laughs.

Susan: "Well, I'm glad you can laugh about this."

Paul: "They're just being kids."

Susan: "This is easy for you. You're the father of the boy. I'm the mother of the girl. You know, if things get out of hand..."

In the next room, Zach comes quietly up to the closed door and listens.

Paul: "Now, what is it that you want from me?"

Susan: "Well, I want to know that I am not the only one who is worried about this, and I want to know that if the two of them are over here, that they are going to be supervised, and I really want you to stop looking at me like I'm crazy."

Paul: "The only reason I'm smiling is because it's practically irrelevant. I've sold the house."

Susan: "Really!"

Very quietly, Zach opens the door and peeks his head in.

Paul: "Mm-hmm. Well be moving at the end of the month."

Zach: "You sold the house?"

Paul: "Zach..."

Zach: "Why didn't you tell me about this?"

Paul: "I wanted to wait until it was official."

Zach: "But you told me when I got back from Silvercrest that you'd reconsidered. You lied to me."

Paul: "I think you need to take your medicine."

Zach: "What, you think pumping me full of drugs is gonna keep me quiet?"

Paul: "Upstairs, now!"

Zach: "You don't care about me, and you didn't care about mom! You know what? I wish she had shot you instead!"

He leave the room.

Susan: "So you're moving! We're all going to miss you."

Outside Lynette's House

Lynette drives her car into her driveway, talking to her kids.

Lynette: "In the future, checklist means is it in the car', not like, do you remember', okay?"

"The next morning, before Parker Scavo's Little League game had even begun..."

Lynette stops the car and Parker runs out of the car. Lynette quickly follows.

Parker: "Okay!"

Lynette ( to herself ): "I'm not the one who forgot my mitt."

"...a major player was about to be tagged out."

They enter the house. Parker runs upstairs while Lynette walks through the living room. She stops suddenly when Rodney and a woman both peek their heads over the couch from where they were lying.

Lynette: "Hi."

Rodney: "Hi. I thought you guys were at practice."

Lynette: "Oh, Parker, um, forgot his catcher's mitt."

Rodney: "Uh, Lynette, this is Lois McDaniel. She's one of my major suppliers in the area. She's a paper products manufacturer."

Lynette: "Oh."

Lynette goes around the couch to shake hands and trips over Lois's high heels, lying off to the side.

Lynette: "Uh, its nice to meet you."

Lois: "It's nice to meet you, too. You have a lovely home."

Lynette: "Thank you."

Rodney: "Just working out, uh, some of these new contracts."

Lois turns towards Rodney as he talks and quickly buttons up parts of her blouse that were open. Regardless of having her back turned to Lynette, Lynette can tell what she's doing.

Rodney: "Hammering out some of the little things, the minor details, overhead, shipping costs."

Parker comes running into the room, holding a pair of stockings.

Parker: "Mommy, look what I found!"

Lois: "I'm sorry. These are mine. Thank you. They must have fallen out of my purse."

Lynette stares accusingly at Rodney while Lois puts them back in her purse.

Lynette: "Well, um, we don't want to be late for the game. Nice to meet you!"

She herds Parker out, but not before glaring back at Rodney.

Bree's House

Bree is cleaning up the kitchen, Rex walks in.

Rex: "Hey!"

Bree: "I'm not speaking to you."

Rex: "Didn't like the settlement talks, huh?"

Bree: "You only demanded the good china because you know I love it."

Rex: "You take our timeshare in Aspen, and I'm vindictive? Come on! You'll hardly ever use that place!"

Bree: "Hardly? How about never!"

Rex: "I mean, fine. When I move out, I'm going to use your good china for take out food. Yeah. Pizza, spare ribs..."

Bree: "You know what? At our next settlement talks, I plan on asking for your golf clubs!"

Rex: "Isn't divorce fun?"

Bree looks at her watch.

Bree: "It's time for your heart medication."

Rex: "You know I meant what I said at that meeting. I will fire my lawyer tomorrow, just give me the word."

Bree: "Sweetie, I think it's too late."

Rex: "Why?"

Bree: "Because you were unfaithful."

Rex: "But, if you could find a way to forgive me, if we could find a way to be happy, wouldn't you want that?"

Bree ( exhales ): "You know what I really truly want? Revenge. I mean, if somehow we could level the playing field, then, um, maybe I could find a way to come back."

Rex (laughs): "So what does that mean? You want to have an affair?"

They look at each other. Bree doesn't answer.

Rex: "Okay, uh, who are we talking about here? The dopey pharmacist?"

Bree: "Would that hurt you Rex? If I slept with another man?"

Rex: "It would devastate me."

They look at each other again. And then Bree hands him a glass of water.

Bree: "Here you go."

Rex: "Bree. You, you can't possibly..."

Bree: "Rex. Time to take your medicine."

Rex quickly throws the pills in his mouth and then drinks from the glass of water, frowning, as he watches Bree walk out of the kitchen.

Susan's House, Nighttime

Susan puts a tea kettle filled with water on the stove when the phone rings. She starts walking toward it when Julie shouts from upstairs.

Julie: "I've got it!"

Susan hesitates, then picks up the phone.

Julie: "...she doesn't hate you. My mom just worries."

Zach: "She thinks I'm crazy."

Julie's voice: "No, she doesn't. Well, maybe a little."

Zach: "You didn't tell her what I told you, did you, about what happened to Dana?"

Julie: "Zach, I can keep a secret. I promise I will never tell her."

The tea kettle starts whistling.

Zach: "What's that noise?"

Susan quickly hangs up the phone.

Diner

Bree sitting alone in the diner. A waitress pours her coffee and walks away. George enters the diner, sees her, and pauses. He fingers a knife on the empty table he's passing by, then puts a smile on his face and walks up to her.

Bree: "Hi! Wha-What are you doing here?"

George: "I was walking outside, and I saw you in the window. I was surprised. I never thought of you as a diner person."

Bree: "I'm not. The coffee is just dreadful. Well, it's late, and I needed to get out of the house, and it was the only place still open."

George: "I didn't mean to interrupt."

He starts to walk away.

Bree: "George, would you like to join me for a dreadful cup of coffee?"

Later, Bree and George are both sitting in the booth, talking.

Bree: "It was my first week in college, and I went to a meeting of the young Republicans where Rex gave a speech, and I went up to him afterward and introduced myself, and I told him that I agreed with his stance on the death penalty. He took me out to a diner, and we, uh, stayed up till two in the morning talking about big government, gun control and illegal immigration. Ah. It was just--it was just such a magical night, and I knew, by the time he got me back to my dorm, that one day I was going to be Mrs. Rex Van de Kamp."

George: "Wow."

Bree: "And even now, you know, after the betrayal, I, I know that we're supposed to be together. But I don't know how I can be with someone I don't trust."

George: "So, what are you gonna do?"

Bree: "That I don't know. What do you think I should do?"

George: "You're asking me?"

Bree: "Oh, I should not have done that. I am..."

George: "No, no. It's okay."

Bree: "No George, it's not okay. It was insensitive. I know how you feel about me, and I..."

George: "Bree, I want to help."

Bree: "Thank you."

George: "So, does he love you?"

Bree: "Yes."

George: "Is he a good person?"

Bree: "Aside from the adultery, yes."

George: "Then it's easy. If I could get a good person to love me, I would find a way to forgive them."

Bree: "You are such a special man, George Williams. And you deserve such a special woman."

George: "I think so."

Under the table, his hand clenches into a fist, squeezing hard on his pants.

Later, Bree arrives home and hangs up her coat. She looks over at the couch, where Rex is sleeping. She quietly goes up the stairs. On the couch, Rex lies on his side, his eyes open. Once Bree has left, he rolls over and looks at the clock. Almost 2 AM.


Lynette's House

Rodney takes a bagel out of the toaster oven and tries to put butter on it quickly. As he's leaving the kitchen, he runs into Lynette and heaves a sigh.

Lynette: "Where are you going?"

Rodney: "Oh, I thought I'd just eat this in my room."

Lynette: "You know, the house isn't that big, Rodney. You're going to have to stop avoiding me."

Rodney: "Okay, okay. Lois isn't a supplier."

Lynette ( sarcastic emphasis ): "Really..."

Rodney: "And I want to apologize. I, I thought you and the kids were going to be gone all afternoon. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?"

Lynette: "Well, for starters, you can wipe that disgusting smirk off your face."

Rodney: "Lynette!"

Lynette: "How could you do something like this to Alison?"

Rodney: "I don't know. I don't know, it happens a little bit at a time. Years go by, the kids burn you out, I'm on the road so much, we just drifted apart. It's complicated."

Lynette: "It's not complicated. It's completely irresponsible."

Rodney: "For years, I have stayed married to a woman that I don't love because I made a vow to God. So don't talk to me about responsibilities!"

Lynette: "But your take on this is you're the victim?"

Rodney: "Oh, I can see that, uh, we're just going to have to agree to disagree."

He picks up the bagel to leave.

Lynette: "We're not done here."

Rodney: "Oh yeah, we are! Cause my sex life is my own business. Not yours. And theres nothing you can do about it anyway."

Later...Rodney sits on the sidewalk next to a briefcase, a suitcase, and a luggage bag.

Tom drives by, pulls into the driveway, gets out, and walks over to him.

Tom: "Dad, what are you doing?"

Rodney: "I don't want to talk about it."

Tom: "Talk about what? Does Lynette know you're out here?"

Rodney: "Oh yeah, she knows. Could you drive me to the airport?"

Tom: "Wait here."

He goes inside.

We see two empty glasses on the counter as Tom walks in the house. Lynette fills them with scotch as Tom calls out to her.

Tom: "Lynette?"

Lynette: "Yeah..."

Tom: "Why is my dad sitting out on the curb?"

Lynette: "Because I kicked him out of the house."

Tom: "I see. You want to tell me why?"

Lynette: "Hold on. I made you a drink."

Tom: "Oh God, what did he do?"

Lynette: "Yesterday, I came home, and I walked in on your dad with a woman. Hes having an affair. I am so, so sorry. I know. Are you okay?"

She puts her hands on the sides of his face to console him. Tom pulls away and turns around.

Tom: "Yeah, um, I should go talk to him."

Lynette: "That's it?"

Tom: "What?"

Lynette: "I just, I expected a bigger reaction. Ive been sitting here with knots in my stomach."

Tom: "Okay, look, I never mentioned this before, because I knew how you'd react, but, um, I'm not that surprised by this. My father's been having affairs for years."

Lynette: "You knew about this?"

Tom: "Yeah."

Lynette gasps.

Tom: "Kind of. I mean, it was mostly in the past. I mean, I didn't know that he was still at it. I mean, I figured he was getting too old. In some strange way, Im actually impressed, you know?"

Lynette: "Impressed? Impressed? I-Tom, please, please dont tell me youre all right with this!"

Tom: "I'm not! No! No! He should never have brought that woman over here!"

Lynette: "No, he should never have been with her in the first place!"

Tom: "I know, I know! But you know, thats who he is, and I mean, its been going on for years. My moms made peace with it."

Lynette: "I seriously doubt that."

Tom: "Look, you know, there's no point in talking about this. But, I'm going to go get my father, I'm going to bring him back in here, I'm going to put him in his room, and we can all just cool off."

Lynette: "That man is not coming back in this house."

Tom: "Yes, he is!"

Lynette: "No, he's not."

Tom: "Lynette. He is my father. This is my house. You can't tell me what to do."

Lynette cocks her head and looks at him.

Later...

Tom and Rodney sit on the curb together.

Rodney: "I say we go up there and kick the door down."

Tom: "Yeah, Dad, you do that. Let me know how that works out for you."

John's Apartment

Gabrielle walks up to door 23 and knocks. A teenage boy opens it.

Gabrielle: "Hi, um, I don't know if I have the right address. Does John Rowland live here?"

A few minutes later, John herds Gabrielle into his room and closes the door behind them.

John: "I'm really glad you came by. I was gonna call you again tomorrow."

Gabrielle: "Uh, yeah, I'm, I'm sorry I haven't returned any of your calls."

John: "It's okay. I'm just happy to see you. I heard about Mr. Solis. It sucks you had to take a job."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, well, you know me, I'll survive."

John: "Come here."

He pulls her into an embrace. She hugs him, her hand on his back. When she pulls away, he goes to kiss her, and she pulls back further.

Gabrielle: "Oh, no. John. I, uh, I didn't come here for that."

John: "What's wrong?"

Gabrielle: "Well, I heard that you're going full time with your gardening business. What happened to college?"

John: "I decided not to go."

Gabrielle: "Why?"

John: "Well, an opportunity has presented itself, and for me to take advantage of it, I need to start making money."

Gabrielle: "John, what opportunity is more important than college?"

John: "For the longest time, the only thing I had to offer you was my heart. Mr. Solis gave you security, and I couldn't compete. But now, he can't even offer you that. And I can. My business is taking off. I can take care of you. We can finally be together."

John gets up and gets something, and then turns around and gets on his knee. He opens up a small black velvet box with a ring.

John: "Mrs. Solis, will you marry me?"

Susan's House

Julie opens up a jewelry box and takes out a pair of earrings. She turns to Susan, who's standing in the doorway.

Julie: "Please. Why else would you want to chaperone the dance?"

Susan: "Mrs. Van de Kamp needed volunteers. She begged me."

Julie: "You're so transparent."

Susan: "Anyway, you won't even know I'm there."

Julie looks at her.

Susan: "Well, not too much. Julie, you know you can tell me anything, right?"

Julie: "Yeah, mom."

Susan: "So if you had a problem, or some sort of secret was weighing on you..."

Julie: "Of course! I tell you everything."

She turns away.

Paul's House

Zach puts on a tie while looking into a mirror. Paul is behind him.

Zach: "You know, I can't believe you're just uprooting us like this."

Paul: "We need a fresh start. Here."

Paul helps Zach with his tie.

Paul: "You want to get it about like this."

Zach: "So many bad things have happened around here. Finally I have someone I can talk to. It's like you want to take that away."

Paul: "You mean Julie?"

Zach: "Yeah."

Paul: "What bad things do you talk to her about? Do you talk to her about your mother?

Zach: "Yeah, and other stuff."

Paul: "Like what?"

No answer.

Paul: "Zach, like what?"

Zach: "Dad, this is what I've been trying to talk to you about. Okay, ever since mom died, I've, I've started to remember things. Just quick flashes, from when I was little."

Paul: "Nice and taut like this. What kind of things?"

Zach: "Lots of blood. Mom screaming. And Dana."

Paul's hands still while fixing Zach's tie.

Zach: "I remember killing Dana."

Paul: "You told this to Julie?"

Zach: "I trust her."

Paul: "Did she tell her mother?"

Zach: "I don't know."

Paul: "Start from the beginning. I want you to tell me everything that you told Julie."

High School Gym

Students are dancing to the music. Zach walks through the crowd with a corsage in his hand. He finds Julie and walks up to her.

Julie: "Hey! What's that?"

Zach: "Oh, well, I was going to give it to you, but I saw that the other girls weren't wearing flowers. I guess it's not that kind of dance. If you don't want to stand out, I'd understand."

Julie: "I like standing out."

She holds out her wrist and Paul puts the flowers on her. They smile at each other.

At the punch table, Bree sways to the music as she pours punch. Susan stands next to her, watching Paul.

Susan: "What's Paul doing here?"

Bree: "Oh, he's chaperoning. He called a couple of hours ago and volunteered."

Susan: "Really?"

Bree: "Why, what's wrong?"

Susan: "Well, the other day he could have cared less about Julie and Zach dating, and now, all of a sudden, he shows up at the dance?"

Bree: "Maybe he's just trying to be supportive."

Susan: "Maybe."

Pharmacy

Rex walks up to the counter. George gives him a big smile.

George: "Dr. Van de Kamp."

Rex: "Hello, George. My cardiologist phoned in a prescription."

George: "Oh, right, right. I've got it here somewhere."

He turns around and begins searching through the prescriptions behind him.

Rex: "So, have you seen Bree lately?"

George: "Yeah, I ran into her last night at the diner on Maple Avenue. We had a nice talk."

Rex: "That's all you did? Just talk?"

George: "We're just friends, Dr. Van de Kamp. Nothing more."

Rex: "That's good to hear. You know, if you ever do get a vibe from Bree that's she's interested in more than just friendship, I'd be careful if I were you."

George: "Excuse me?"

Rex: "I just want you to know that she'd only be using you to even the score with me. Don't fall for it."

George: "Bree would never do anything like that. She's a lady."

Rex: "Exactly. A very beautiful, classy lady. Remember, they tend to end up with doctors, not pharmacists."

George: "Bree is very beautiful, and very classy, but she's not very perceptive. For instance, she thinks you're a good person, and it is now very clear to me you aren't."

Rex: "I'd like my prescription now, George."

George rifles through the bags in front of him, stopping when he sees the right one.

George: "I can't seem to find it. I guess I'll have to have it delivered."

Rex: "Thank you."

George: "No, thank you."

Rex leaves and George rips open the bag, opens the bottle, and throws the pills in the trash.

High School Gym

The song "Dust in the Wind" is playing. Paul walks around the gym. Susan pours punch for a student when Paul walks up to her.

Susan: "Paul."

Paul: "Did you notice? They're playing a classic."

Susan: "Yeah."

Paul: "Care to dance?"

Susan: "I'd love to."

They begin dancing.

Susan: "I have a little confession to make."

Paul: "Oh?"

Susan: "I've been so concerned about Julie lately that I sort of eavesdropped on her the other day when she was having a phone conversation with Zach."

Paul: "Really?"

Susan: "They were having a very interesting conversation."

Paul: "About?"

Susan: "Zach was telling Julie about what happened to Dana."

Paul: "Was he now?"

Susan: "Yes."

Paul: "How much did you hear?"

Susan: "Everything."

Paul: "You realize it was an accident."

Susan: "Oh, of course. I assumed as much."

Paul: "He didn't mean to kill Dana. He was practically a baby himself. He didn't understand what he was doing."

Susan: "No, of course he didn't. So, what happened exactly?"

Paul: "Mary Alice and I never really knew. We heard the baby screaming. By the time we got up to the crib, it was too late."

Susan: "Paul, I am so sorry."

Paul: "Thank you."

He adjusts his hand and puts it on her lower back, pulling her close.

Susan: "So you and Mary Alice just kept this to yourselves all these years?"

Paul: "It was a very dark chapter in our lives. We preferred not to relive it. It was also a private family matter. I'd appreciate your discretion."

Susan: "Sure."

They continue dancing.

Later, Paul and Zach walk to their car.

Paul: "Did you have a good time?"

Zach: "Yeah, I did. It was great. Look, I want you to know that I'm really sorry I talked to Julie. But she did promise me that she wasn't going to say anything to her mom."

Paul: "It's okay. I handled Susan."

Zach: "Good."

Paul: "But we need to talk about these things that you think you remember. They're not true."

Zach: "How can they not be true?"

Paul: "Memories lie, Zach. You didn't kill anyone. Dana is very much alive."

Outside Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle pulls into her driveway. As soon as she opens her door, Helen and Bob Rowland emerge from their own parked car across the street and head briskly over to Gabrielle. Gabrielle shoots a quick look at her house to make sure Carlos isn't coming out.

Gabrielle: "Hi, what are you doing here?"

Helen Rowland: "Where is it?"

Gabrielle: "What?"

Helen: "The ring, Gabrielle. My grandmother's ring!"

Gabrielle: "John caught me off guard. Obviously I'm going to give back the ring."

Helen: "Well you better, because make no mistake, if you try to ruin my son's life, I will ruin yours!"

Bob Rowland: "Helen, okay, go to the car! Come on, please, just, please..."

Gabrielle: "Obviously, I'm not leaving my husband and marrying John."

Bob Rowland: "Well, I think that's wise."

Gabrielle: "I'll talk to John tomorrow and give back the ring."

Bob Rowland: "Okay, good, good. We appreciate everything you've done."

He turns to go.

Gabrielle: "Hey, Bob! I get why she's so angry with me, but, what I don't get is, why you're so nice."

Bob Rowland: "Well, John's a big boy. Whatever happened between the two of you is his mistake as much as yours."

Gabrielle: "I guess. I understand if, uh, you hate me just a little."

Bob looks over at Helen, sitting in the car and watching them closely.

Bob Rowland: "When I was a kid, I always played by the rules. I never cheated on a test, never even missed a curfew. But I can't help but think how wonderful it would have been to have made at least one mistake like you."

Gabrielle: "That's sweet, you're, you're very sweet."

Bob Rowland: "Hmmm...I'm a little sweet. Mostly I'm just middle-aged."

He turns and leaves.

Outside Paul's House

Paul pulls into his driveway and he and Zach get out of the car.

Paul: "Are you okay? I know this is a lot to digest all at once."

Zach: "I'm fine. I'm just happy you finally told me the truth. One thing though. Why are you telling me all this now?"

Paul: "I couldn't let you keep thinking that you killed someone. No one should carry that kind of burden."

Zach: "Or you just didn't want me running my mouth."

Paul: "That's not what's it's about."

Zach: "Yes, it is. I won't tell anyone. I'll keep your secret. Dad."

Paul: "Thank you."

Zach: "But we're not moving."

Paul: "That's out of the question."

Zach: "Well, I'm not leaving Julie, and if you want my support, that's the deal."

Paul: "And if I refuse?"

Zach: "You won't."

He smiles and goes inside the house.

Lynette's House

Tom gets into bed and gets comfortable with a magazine. Lynette, sitting up against the headboard, watches him.

Lynette: "So here's the thing, I feel really awful about how I acted before."

Tom: "For God's sake, Lynette, you threw me out of my own house."

Lynette: "I overreacted, I know. I'm sorry."

Tom: "Look, I know you love my mom, but how she decides to live her life, is, it's entirely up to here."

Lynette: "You're right. You're right. I guess I just got so upset because - oh, whatever, let's not beat a dead horse, it's over, I'm sorry, good night."

She kisses him and rolls over and turns off the light, exhaling as she lies down.

Tom: "Okay, get it off your chest."

Lynette: "Well, you knew your father was having an affair, and it didn't seem to bother you that much. And that worries me, because if you can find it in you to condone something like that, then what's gonna happen when you've been on the road for forty years?"

Tom: "Lynette, I'm not my father!"

Lynette: "I know, of course. You're not your father."

She kisses him again. He opens his magazine.

Lynette: "And just so we're absolutely clear, I am definitely not your mother, because if you ever betray me, I will leave you. I will take the kids, and I will walk out that door, and you will never see any of us again."

She exhales loudly.

Lynette: "Glad to get that off my chest. Thank you."

She kisses him again.

Lynette: "I love you!"

She rolls over, missing the worried look on Tom's face.

Later that night, Rodney comes down the stairs and sees Tom sitting at the kitchen table.

Grandpa Scavo: "Couldn't sleep, huh?"

Tom: "No."

Grandpa Scavo: "Me either. I'm so sorry about the ruckus I caused."

Tom: "That's okay, I'm not, uh, upset about that."

Grandpa Scavo: "No?"

Tom: "No."

Grandpa Scavo: "What's wrong?"

Tom: "There's something that Lynette doesn't know about, dad. Something that I did, and I don't know what's going to happen if she ever finds out."

John's Apartment

"The next morning, Gabrielle returned the engagement ring to her former lover, a gesture that was met with..."

A glass shatters in the fireplace.

"... measured enthusiasm."

Gabrielle: "Please, calm down!"

John: "It just doesn't make any sense. Okay, you love me, I know you love me!"

Gabrielle: "Love is not enough. Where would we live, here with your roommates? The only decoration in the bathroom is a bong!"

John: "We could get our own place!"

Gabrielle: "How? You're barely making minimum wage!"

John: "Okay, sure. We'd be poor at first, but we'd be happy."

Gabrielle: "I've tried poor but happy. Guess what. It wasn't that happy."

John: "Mr. Solis is going to jail. You want to stick around for that?"

Gabrielle: "I don't know. You know, every once in a while, even I want to do the right thing."

John: "Mrs. Solis, I love you so much! Doesn't that mean anything to you?"

Gabrielle: "Honestly, no. John, you're a toy. A sweet, dumb toy, so you might as well go to college, because you and me, no future!"

John, with reddened eyes, storms past Gabrielle and slams the door. Gabrielle begins crying.

Susan's House, Nighttime

Zach: "Ms. Mayer! Hey, is Julie home?"

Susan: "She's in the shower."

Zach: "Oh. Well, I just came by to give her some good news."

He pushes past Susan into the house.

Susan: "What's that?"

Zach: "Well, it turns out that my dad and I aren't moving after all."

Susan: "What?"

Zach: "Yeah, he reconsidered, so I guess we're going to keep living across the street."

Susan: "Okay. Wow, uh, wow. You know, uh, can you sit down? I need, uh to talk to you."

She sits down at the kitchen table. Zach walks over to a small table and picks up the corsage he gave Julie at the dance. He smells the flowers.

Zach: "Hey. You know that Julie is the first girl I ever gave a flower to?"

Susan: "Really."

Zach: "Yeah. Yeah, I really like her, Ms. Mayer."

Susan: "Zach, um, Julie is only fourteen years old, and sometimes girls, when they're that age they just don't always make the right decisions. And, um, as her mother, it is my responsibiliity to protect her."

Zach: "You want to protect her from me?"

Susan: "No, I, I just, I think that you should slow things down. I, I, I want you to not see her for awhile."

Zach: "No."

Susan: "No?"

Zach: "You're not taking her away from me."

Susan ( chuckles ): "Listen, I know being dramatic is the birthright of every teenager, but come on..."

Zach: "WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING!!??"

He turns over a table.

Zach: "DO YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY?"

Susan (harshly): "Thank you, Zach. You have just made this really easy for me. You are now forbidden from seeing or talking my daughter ever again! And if you come within ten feet of her, I will call the police, and I will have you arrested! Now get out!"

Zach walks to the door. He stares down at the flower he was still holding, drops it on the ground, and then leaves. Susan picks up the flower and looks at it. She closes the door.

John's Apartment

"Sooner or later, the time comes when we all must become responsible adults..."

John looks at the ring and his father takes it from him, then pats him on the shoulder.

Gabrielle's House

"...and learn to give up what we want, so we can chose to do what is right."

Gabrielle climbs into bed with Carlos, who gives her a kiss, and then pulls up the covers.

Bree's House

"Of course, a lifetime of responsibility isn't always easy."

Bree gives Rex a glass of water and his medication from the pharmacy.

Lynette's House

"And as the years go on, it's a burden that can become too heavy for some to bear."

Lynette hugs Rodney as Tom leads him out of the house.

Susan's House

"But still we try to do what is best, what is good."

Susan, carrying a laundry basket, knocks on Julie's door.

"Not only for ourselves, but for those we love."

She doesn't go in the room, but we see the open window and the curtain blowing.

High School Gym

In the darkened gym, Zach paces. The door opens and Julie enters.

Julie: "Hey!"

Zach: "I'm glad you came."

Julie: "Zach, I can't stay long. If my mom catches me, she'll freak."

Zach: "Come here."

He holds out his hand. Julie walks forward and takes it.

Julie: "She said I can't see you any more. What are we gonna do?"

Zach: "I'm not sure."

They embrace.

"Yes, sooner or later we must all become responsible adults. No one knows this better than the young."

Lynette's House

Lynette holds baby Penny up into the air, then brings her close, hugging her. As she turns, she sees her three boys hold up a box with red tissue paper and pink hearts glued haphazardly on it. They grin as they hold it towards her and she stares at it in confusion.

"Most mothers will tell you their children are a gift from god. Most mothers would also tell you that the gifts their children give them are less than heavenly."

Flashback to Lynette hanging up a drawing on the refrigerator, then turning to her boys, who are grinning.

"Lynette had suffered through art work made in kindergarten..."

Flashback to Lynette hanging on the wall a popsicle stick box, then turning to look at her boys, who grin at her.

"...spice racks made in summer camp..."

Flashback to Lynette putting on a homemade necklace.

"...and jewelry made at the scout jamboree. But this day, Lynette Scavo received a gift every mother dreams of."

In present time, Lynette opens the box the boys gave her and pulls out a potted plant, in a beautiful pot.

"One she wasn't embarrassed to display."

Lynette: "Where did you guys get this pot?"

Twin: "We made it!"

Lynette: "Really? I love it. Well this is the nicest present you boys had ever given me, and you know what? I'm gonna put it out on the front porch so the whole neighborhood can enjoy it"

She sniffs the flowers. Cut to Lynette putting the pot on the front porch.

"Lynette knew she'd cherish the memory of that moment for the rest of her life. The memory of that moment was ruined the very next day."

The next day, Lynette looks out her window and sees an older woman looking at the pot. She picks it up, checks the bottom, and then walks off with it. Lynette runs out of the house after her.

Lynette: "Mrs. McCluskey, why are you taking my flower pot?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Because it's mine. Your boys stole it off of my porch."

Lynette: "No, no, no. My sons made that for me for Valentine's Day."

Mrs. McCluskey: "I bought this in Costa Rica on my last cruise. You see?"

She turns it upside down. The flowering plant falls with a thump onto the ground.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Still got the price tag on it."

She points to the price painted on the bottom.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Look. What? Nothing more to say? Cat got your tongue? You listen to me. Keep your brats off my property."

She walks off.

"Yes, most mothers will tell you their children are a gift from God."

Lynette turns back to her house, where her three boys are watching. When they catch her eye, they rush inside and close the door.

"Most mothers will also tell you there are some days when you wish you could return them."

Credits

Gabrielle's House

"It was the day before Valentine's Day and every man on Wisteria Lane was preparing for this most dangerous of holidays. While some purchased romantic cards..."

Carlos sits on a chair, signing his name to a card.

Bree's House

"...and some brought home candy and flowers..."

Rex walks quietly into the house, holding a large box of candy and flowers and quickly puts them in a hall closet.

Mike's House

"...and some made dinner reservations at fancy restaurants..."

Mike talks on the phone.

Lynette's House

"...others managed to forget about the day entirely. Again."

Tom walks past a calendar and notices that the date for Valentine's Day has been circled. He stares at it in panic, then rushes out the house and gets into his car.

"This flurry of activity was lost on the women of Wisteria Lane. They were busy learning a secret about their neighbors. A secret that was positively heart-breaking."

Gabrielle's House

The four women sit on Gabrielle's porch, sipping drinks.

Gabrielle: "So Paul said that Zachary killed Dana?"

Susan: "Yeah."

Bree: "Well, it must've been some sort of accident. I mean little boys don't just kill their baby sisters."

Susan: "Well, whatever it was, that boy is seriously disturbed, and I've forbidden Julie from hanging out with him."

Lynette ( to Bree ): "Could you hold her?"

Lynette hands Bree baby Penny.

Lynette: "So this is it! This is the secret that Mary Alice was trying to protect"

Bree: "Look at the guilt that she must've lived with."

Gabrielle: "You know, I never thought I'd say this but I kind of feel sorry for Paul."

Susan: "I wish I could. I still feel like something's not right."

Gabrielle: "What do you mean?"

Susan: "Well, we've all been in their house. Have you ever seen a picture of another kid there? I mean, why keep Dana's baby blanket and throw out all the photos?"

Lynette: "That's a good point."

Susan: "We've never answered why Mary Alice referred to herself as Angela in that therapy session."

Bree: "All I know is this: Mary Alice loved Zach more than anything in the world. When you love a child that much..."

Lynette: "You're capable of doing all sorts of things."

Bree: "Yeah."

Paul's House

Paul slowly washes dishes in the sink when there's a knock the door and Felicia Tilman walks in holding a basket of flowers with balloons attached.

Felicia: "Hello. These were delivered to my house by mistake. May I? They're for Mary Alice Young."

Paul: "Oh my god. I uh, had a standing order with the florist. I forgot to cancel it. Mary Alice was my wife. She passed away a few months ago."

Felicia: "I'm very sorry for your loss."

Paul: "And I'm sorry for yours."

Felicia: "Pardon?"

Paul: "Your sister. Martha?"

Felicia: "Oh, yes. Her."

She looks past Paul and sees a photo of Mary Alice and Zach on the wall.

Felicia: "Good lord, that's Angela."

Paul: "What?"

Felicia: "Angela Forest! We worked together it Utah. It must be 15 years ago."

Paul: "I'm afraid you're mistaken. My wife's name is Mary Alice and she's never been to Utah."

Felicia: "Well, I could be mistaken. As I said it's, it's been years."

She leaves.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle tosses some earrings into a heart-shaped bowl as she talks on the phone.

Gabrielle: "No Mikki, you're wrong. I wasn't acting like a diva. I left the boat show because that coordinator was making passes at me. It's not my fault."

She turns around and speaks to Yao Lin, who's scrubbing the floor behind her.

Gabrielle: "Yao Lin? You missed a spot. No, spare me the lecture and just book me another job quick. Carlos and I are up to our asses in bills and we can't pay them. Fine. Bye."

Yao Lin, still on her hands and knees, scrubbing the floor, begins talking in Chinese.

Yao Lin: "You got fired three times and you still think you are so wonderful."

Gabrielle: "What did you say?"

Yao Lin: "Nothing."

Gabrielle: "Are you gonna clean that spot?"

Yao Lin: "Which one?"

Gabrielle: "The one I told you to clean."

Yao Lin: "I'll get to it."

Gabrielle: "Clean it now."

Yao Lin: "Why?"

Gabrielle: "Because I said so."

Yao Lin: "Okay, but you've got to say please."

Gabrielle: "Fine. Please."

She turns back around and Yao Lin smiles.

Gabrielle: "Anything to get you back on your knees scrubbing where you belong."

Yao Lin stands up.

Yao Lin: "You are not better then me."

Gabrielle: "Excuse me?"

Yao Lin: "The only reason you have anything in your life is because you're pretty. One day you'll be old, and when that happens you'll be nothing."

Gabrielle: "You are so fired."

Yao Lin: "No kidding."

She walks off.

Outside Mike's House

Hands open up an envelope and pull out a Valentine's Day card.

Susan: "Ooh. Valentine's Day card. It's pretty."

Pull back to show Susan and Mike sitting on Mike's front steps. Mike holds the card with Susan looking over his shoulder.

Susan: "And meticulously hand painted. Whoever sent you that must really love you."

Mike opens the card. Inside it reads: "Dear Mike, Be Mine! Love, Susan "

Susan: "...and be loaded with talent."

Mike: "It's beautiful. Thanks."

Susan: "So we still on for tomorrow night?"

Mike: "Oh. Not only are we on, I got reservations at Le Petit Fleur."

Susan: "Ooh. That place is so pretentious. I've been dying to go there."

They laugh.

From across the street, they hear Lynette call out.

Lynette: "Boys! Get your little fannies inside. Guys?"

Susan: "Oh, poor Lynette. She doesn't get a new nanny soon, she's gonna implode."

Mike looks off to the side and then shushs Susan. He gets up and goes around the side of the house. He sees the the three boys, who are hiding next to the house.

Mike: "Hey guys. Who you hiding from?"

Twin: "Our mom. She wants to spank us."

Mike: "Why, did you do something bad?"

They all nod.

Mike: "Well, you know if you hide out too long she'll get worried and then she'll just get madder. You know what I say? Go on home, take your lumps. Decent chance you'll have the rest of the day to play."

Susan, watching from the corner of the house, smiles.

The boys look convinced and nod.

Mike: "Come on, climb aboard. All right!"

One of the twins jumps on his back for a piggy-back ride, and the others follow. As he walks them past Susan, she comments.

Susan: "Pretty impressive."

Mike: "Oh, I love kids, Can't wait to have my own some day."

Susan, following behind them, suddenly trips and falls to the ground.

Lynette's

At the kitchen table, Lynette moves three Valentine's Day cards off to the side and then begins laying down various objects: a thorny rose, a hard-backed hairbrush, a ping pong paddle, a metal spatula, a long metal ruler, and a belt.

Twin: "We don't want to get spanked."

Twin: "Yeah, we promise we'll be good."

Lynette: "Too late, you stole and then you lied. Even worse? You made me look bad in front of Mrs. McCluskey, who you know is mommy's sworn enemy. Time to pick your poison. How 'bout a belt? It's a classic."

The boys shake their heads no.

Lynette: "Well, we could go with the old hickory stick. It's a clich, but it's pretty effective. I know, we'll go with the spatula. The holes give it less wind resistance. Moves faster."

The boys all shout out "No!" to her.

Lynette: "Guys, guys, guys, hey my hands are tied. Thieves get spanked. Just the way it works. Unless..."

Twin: "Unless what?"

Lynette: "For a first time offense, if you swear, cross your heart, that you will never, never steal again, and you write Mrs. McCluskey a letter of apology, I will let it slide."

The boys nod their heads vigorously and promise to swear. Lynette reaches down to the chair next to her and pulls out pads of paper and pens, which she hands to the boys.

Lynette: "All right, start with 'Dear Mrs. McCluskey.'"

Twin: "Mommy, why are you smiling?"

Lynette: "Do you know what physiological warfare means?"

Twin: "No."

Lynette: "Well, too bad for you. Okay, start with a big em, little see. Good."

Dr. Goldfine's Office

Bree stands by the window, playing with the necklace she's wearing.

Bree: "Rex and I are hosting a dinner party for ten next week. We're using our best china and serving duck."

Dr. Goldfine: "So, you and Rex are a couple again?"

Bree: "Yes. You know that's one of the things I hated most about our separation. Not being able to throw dinner parties. There's just something so civilized and elegant about them, don't you think?"

Dr. Goldfine: "I take it you've resolved your feelings about his infidelity?"

Bree: "Let's just say that I put them in an imaginary box and don't plan on looking at them for a while."

Dr. Goldfine: "Do you think that's the healthiest way to achieve a reconciliation?"

Bree: "Well, it won't be easy at first. There'll be a lot of forced smiles and perfunctory love making, but after a few decades whiz by I'm sure I'll find a way to forgive him."

Dr. Goldfine: "Well, as long as you have a plan."

Bree: "I do want to forgive him Doctor Goldfine, but, there's something he's still not telling me."

Dr. Goldfine: "Really?"

Bree: "I think it has something to do with why he had the affair."

Dr. Goldfine: "Have you confronted him?"

Bree: "Once, and you should've seen the look in his eyes. He was terrified that I'd figure it out. You know what it is, don't you?"

Dr. Goldfine: "Bree, I can't discuss other patients."

Bree: "I realize that. This thing that he's hiding, is it bad?"

Dr. Goldfine looks down.

Bree: "Oh, okay, um, maybe it's better that I don't know."

Dr. Goldfine: "Bree, how does this reconciliation have a chance if the two of you can't be honest about the innermost parts of your lives?"

Bree: "We're, um, WASPs, Doctor Goldfine. Not acknowledging the elephant in the room is what we do best."

Dr. Goldfine: "You'd settle for that? A life filled with repression and denial?"

Bree: "And the dinner parties. Don't forget the dinner parties."

Mattress Store

The bald owner of the store walks Gabrielle around the store, pointing out various mattress styles.

Siesta King: "And uh, over there you got your queens and, uh, your quad spring series, and your deluxe one thousands. All the way to the imperial paradise. Sweet racket huh?"

Gabrielle: "Mm."

Siesta King: "I swear sometimes I wake up in the morning and I can't believe I'm the Siesta King. Except for how I am."

Gabrielle: "Very impressive. So, where does the photographer want me for the shoot?"

Siesta King: "Uh, didn't your agent tell you? There's no shoot?"

Gabrielle: "Well, then what did you hire me for?"

Cut to Gabrielle lying seductively on one of the mattresses as the voice over of the "Siesta King" is heard.

Siesta King: "You've heard the expression sex sales? That's where you come in. You're here to remind people that there's a lot of fun things they can do on a Siesta King mattress that don't involve sleep. Get it?"

As Gabrielle lies on the bed in a sexy negligee, various customers appear throughout the day around the bed.

Two teenage boys stand at the end of the bed and wave at her...Gabrielle lies on the edge of the bed as a very obese man lies next to her...Gabrielle lies in the middle as two butch-looking women lie on either side of her.

Lynette's House

Lynette begins putting laundry into the washer.

"It is often said that good fences make good neighbors..."

The front door slams and Lynette turns to see what's happening.

"...but as Lynette was about to discover, the fence might just need a little barbed wire, if the neighbor is Mrs. McCluskey."

Mrs. McCluskey walks up the stairs in Lynette's house.

Lynette: "Hey."

Mrs. McCluskey is in the twins room, lifting their mattresses and pillows and generally looking around.

Lynette: "Hey, what do you think you are doing? Get out of here."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Your little criminals snuck into my house and stole my wall clock."

Lynette: "What?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "It was a hand-painted purple and white wall clock. My son made it."

Lynette: "Are you sure you didn't misplace it? You're getting up there in years, no offense, but you probably forget where you put things."

Mrs. McCluskey: "No offense, but you should be sterilized."

Lynette: "Look, my boys do not break into people's houses. Sure, they may have stolen your flower pot, but you know they apologized for that."

Mrs. McCluskey: "They wrote a note. That's the coward's way out. They should've come over and apologized in person."

Lynette: "You know what? This has been fun but now - "

Mrs. McCluskey: "You let those boys run wild! Toys all over the yard, there's bikes laying out in the street. It's a disgrace."

Lynette: "Get out of my house!"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Those boys would've been better off raised by wolves. God knows they would've been cleaner."

She leaves the room and Lynette throws a pillow after her. It hits the door.

Bree's House

Bree sits in a living room chair, sewing. Rex sits on the couch, reading a book.

Bree: "Valentine's Day is tomorrow."

Rex: "I know. I already bought your gifts."

Bree: "Roses and English toffee?"

Rex: "Mmm hmm. Just like always."

Bree: "Yes. And I suppose we'll make love tomorrow night, too."

Rex: "That is our little tradition."

Bree: "Good. I'm looking forward to it. Are you looking forward to it?"

Rex: "What?"

Bree: "Well, it's just that I know that I don't please you sexually, so I was wondering if you really were looking forward to being with me."

Rex: "Oh, for god's sake."

Bree: "I'm sorry, Rex. I thought I could pretend that this doesn't upset me anymore, but I can't."

Rex: "Please don't do this."

Bree: "You had an affair. You went to another woman for sex to give you something I couldn't. At least have the decency to tell me what that something is."

Rex: "Bree, I can't."

Bree: "Why not? Rex, please tell me. Let me prove to you how much I love you."

Rex: "I like to be dominated."

Bree: "Huh?"

Rex: "Sexually."

Bree: "Huh?"

Rex: "Never mind."

Bree: "Rex, please, I want to understand."

Later, Rex and Bree sit on the couch, watching the TV, from which the sounds of a man pleading are heard.

Man on TV: "Please, mistress, no!"

Woman on TV: "Quiet, slave."

The sound of a slap is heard.

Man on TV: "Yes, mistress, yes, yes."

Woman on TV: "Turn your head. Don't look at me."

Man on TV: "But, mistress!"

Woman on TV: "On your knees now. Right now! Tighten your cuffs."

Man on TV: "Yes, mistress."

Woman on TV: "Do it now."

Man on TV: "Yes."

Woman on TV: "Head down."

Man on TV: "Yes. Ow! Yes! Ow! Yes!"

Woman on TV: "Place the nightstick in your mouth."

Man on TV: "Yes, mistress."

Woman on TV: "Tight."

Man on TV: "Yes!"

As they watch, from opposite sides of the couch, Rex looks alternately turned on and uncomfortable. Bree alternates her gaze between the TV and Rex, looking at him in shock.

Rex pauses the video and turns to Bree.

Rex: "Well?"

Bree: "What the hell did your mother do to you?"

Rex: "What?"

Bree: "Well, come on, this just reeks of unresolved childhood trauma."

Rex: "This has nothing to do with my mother, Bree, this is a preference."

Bree: "It's a perversion."

Rex: "For gods sake, you promised to be supportive."

Bree: "What do you want me to say? My husband likes to wear metal clamps around his nipples. Hooray?"

Rex: "I want you to say you'll try it. Just, just once"

Bree: "Try what? Hurting you? You actually want me to hurt you?"

Rex: "So I can feel pleasure, yes."

Bree: "Fine."

She slaps him across the face as hard as she can.

Bree: "So? Was it good for you too?"

She gets up and leaves.


Susan's House

Susan walks into Julie's bedroom, holding some clothes on hangers, which she puts in Julie's closet. Julie, typing on her laptop, closes it, and looks over at Susan.

Susan: "Mike wants babies."

Julie: "What?"

Susan: "He wants to have kids, and he had that look that men get that says I'm ready to procreate, point me to the nearest cervix."

Julie: "And I take it this is a problem?"

Susan: "Oh, I can't have another baby. I mean I'm so grateful I had you, you know I don't regret a minute of that, but I found it to be completely overwhelming. Sometimes I even wonder how I got through it."

Julie: "You and me both. So, have you told Mike how you feel?"

Susan: "Oh, I can't tell him. This could be a deal breaker. Julie I really love him. I don't want to lose him."

Julie: "Maybe you're overreacting. I bet he'd rather have you then a baby."

Susan: "What if he doesn't?"

Julie: "Then that's something you need to know."

Outside, Wisteria Lane

"Susan shouldn't have been so worried. Children were the last thing on Mike's mind. He was too busy searching for answers in all the wrong places."

Mike knocks on various neighbors doors, showing them a picture of Deirdre and asking them questions. He knocks on the door of one house, and when nobody answers, he goes around the back, where he puts on a black glove, then picks the lock to get in.

Once inside, he searches through papers and bookcases, finding nothing. He opens up doors, looking inside the rooms as he searches.

He comes to one door, opens it, and behind it is an older gentleman, shakily holding a gun straight at Mike.

Mike: "Please..."

The gun goes off, hitting Mike, who runs down the hallway, through the kitchen, outside, and gets into his car. The man shoots after him, but doesn't hit him.

Once in the car, Mike looks down at his stomach, where a bullet hole is bleeding. He drives off.

Mike's House

A picture of Mike and Deirdre sits on the coffee table on top of the maps of Wisteria Lane that Mike had. Both bloody and clean gauze lie on the table and a pair of clamps are placed on the table as well.

Mike lies on the couch while a man stitches him up.

Man: "You got lucky: didn't hit anything major. Noah's getting impatient."

Mike: "Well, you can tell Noah I'm getting closer."

Man: "That's her, isn't it?"

Mike: "Yeah."

Man: "Hard to believe a kid from such a good family could get so messed up."

Mike: "I met somebody who recognized her photo. I think she rented a room over on Pine Avenue."

The phone rings and after one ring, the machine picks up.

Mike: "I was checking out houses when . "

Susan ( on the machine ): "Hey, Mike, it's me. Are you there? Pick up. Hello? Okay, I know you're home. Your lights are on. Look, I really need to talk to you about something, uh, you know what? I'm just gonna stop by."

Mike grabs for the phone.

Mike: "No, hey, hey I'm here. Ow!"

Susan: "Are you okay?"

Mike: "Yup. Yeah, I just stubbed my toe."

Susan: "Oh, um, so can I come over? I, I really need to talk to you about something."

Mike: "Actually, I got a buddy over here right now. Um, can it wait 'til dinner tomorrow?"

Susan: "It's kind of important, um, yeah I guess it can wait. So I'll see you at seven?"

Mike: "All right. I'm counting the minutes."

They hang up.

Man: "You should take it easy for the next few days."

Mike: "I can't cancel. The last thing I need is for her to get suspicious."

Outside Lynette's House

The next day, Lynette removes groceries from her car. Across the street, sitting in her car, is Mrs. McCluskey.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Maybe it's my dementia, but I still haven't found my purple wall clock."

Lynette: "Nobody in my family knows or cares where your stupid clock is."

Tom comes around the car to help Lynette. Mrs. McCluskey looks at a bike lying on the edge of the road.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Oh, and by the way, will you tell your little criminals to get their bikes out of the street?"

Tom: "Oh, I'll get it."

Lynette: "No, don't you dare. We'll move it when you say please."

Mrs. McCluskey makes a u-turn and runs over the bike several times.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Please."

Lynette gasps. Tom quickly tries to calm her down, but Lynette reaches into one of the grocery bags and pulls out a carton of eggs.

"Even though it was Mrs. McCluskey who had officially declared war..."

Lynette throws an egg at Mrs. McCluskey's retreating car. It splatters on the back windshield and the car stops.

"...it was Lynette who decided to deliver the opening salvo."

Mrs. McCluskey gets out of the car and points to the broken egg on her car.

Mrs. McCluskey: "You're going to clean that up."

Lynette: "Think so?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Yes."

Lynette throws another egg, this time at Mrs. McCluskey. It flies toward her in slow motion, landing squarely on her forehead.

"Yes, the war of Wisteria lane would indeed prove to be messy for everyone involved."

Tom closes his eyes in resignation.

Mattress Store

Gabrielle lies on a mattress, with her eyes closed.

Customer: "Pardon me, pardon me. We were wondering what the coil count was on this one."

Gabrielle points to a cardboard sign sitting on the pillow next to her, which reads: "Please do not talk to model!"

Customer: "Oh. Sorry."

He and his wife walk off, rolling their eyes. The "Siesta King" walks up to Gabrielle, smiling, but quickly frowns when he sees the sign next to her.

Siesta King: "What is this?"

Gabrielle: "People keep coming and talking to me asking me questions. That is not my job."

Siesta King: "Well. You don't have to be rude."

Gabrielle: "I am not a mattress sales person."

Siesta King: "Is there something wrong with being a mattress sales person? Is it beneath you or something?"

Gabrielle: "Honestly, yes. I am a model."

Siesta King: "You know what, your agent warned me that you were a diva, and he was right. You won't talk to the customers, you bitch about the coffee, and you wouldn't even chip in for Hazel's birthday cake."

Gabrielle: "I just met the woman today."

Siesta King: "That didn't stop you from havin' a piece. I'm sorry, but I, I don't want someone around my store that's not a team player."

Gabrielle: "Oh no, no, no, wait, wait."

Siesta King: "You're fired, princess."

Gabrielle: "No!"

He walks away and she flops onto the mattress.

Lynette's House

Lynette is on the phone.

Lynette: "I need to know if my policy covers it. No, my car actually wasn't involved. It was my neighbor's car, but the egg was mine. Uh huh. Can I please speak to your supervisor?"

Tom (calling from outside): "Honey? Would you come out here?"

Outside.

Lynette: "What?"

Tom: "Look what I found stashed in the boys' playhouse."

Lynette looks inside the playhouse, which contains dozens of items clearly not belonging to the boys, including a wall clock.

Lynette ( gasps ): "Please tell me that's not a purple wall clock. Pack your bags. We're moving."

Martha Huber's House

Felicia runs her finger over the carefully labeled photo albums in her sister's house. Her finger stops when she comes to one marked "Family."

She pulls it from the shelf and sits down at the table with it. Flipping through the photos, she sighs.

She comes to one that is obviously a posed staff photo. About 10 men and women, wearing medical scrubs, stand outside of a building, smiling. The caption underneath the photo reads "Dorothy Drake Rehabilitation House." Felicia frowns, looking at the photo. She is one of the staff members, standing on the left, and on the right, stands Mary Alice Young. Felicia raises her eyebrows and nods.

Department Store

Gabrielle walks through the make-up department of the store.

"Discouraged over losing her job, Gabrielle decided a make over would be the perfect cure for her depression. It was after finding a moisturizer she couldn't afford that it finally occurred to Gabrielle. Perhaps it was her pride that needed a make over."

She sees a small sign advertising for help wanted and she sighs.

Later...

Customer: "Excuse me, miss? You forgot to give me my receipt."

Gabrielle, standing behind one of the counters, jumps slightly.

Gabrielle: "Oh, right. Oh, here. Here you go. Thank you. Come again."

Yao Lin: "Mrs. Solis?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, god."

Yao Lin: "Hello."

Gabrielle: "Hello, Yao Lin. How are you?"

Yao Lin: "Good. Very good. "

Gabrielle: "I wanted to call you. I felt terrible about how we left things."

Yao Lin: "I need lipstick."

Gabrielle: "Okay but - "

Yao Lin: "Now."

A little later, Yao Lin sits on a chair as Gabrielle stands before her with make up in her hands.

Gabrielle: "You must be loving this, huh? Having me serve you must be a dream come true."

Yao Lin: "Can't complain."

Gabrielle: "That's the difference between you and me, Yao Lin, our dreams. Close your eyes, please. Thank you. You see I dreamed of pulling myself up from nothing, and I did. I dreamed about the things I wanted and I got them all: a high powered career, a handsome husband, an extravagant house. So, this is just a blip in the radar for me, because now, I know what I'm capable of and if I did it once, I can do it again. I'm never really down, Yao Lin, even when it looks like I am. So, enjoy this moment, enjoy your dream, because for you, it doesn't get any better then this. There. Don't you look beautiful."

Le Petit Fleur

A waiter carries food to a table, passing by a busboy, who finishes setting up the table. He smoothes down the tablecloth, and then notices that the table is wobbling. He crawls underneath the table to wedge a piece of wood underneath it. It doesn't seem to do the trick, and he continues working on it.

Meanwhile, the hostess leads Mike and Susan into the dining room.

Hostess: "Right this way."

Mike: "Everything okay?"

Susan: "Oh yeah, this dress is just riding up as it is. If I walk any faster it'll be happy Valentine's Day for everyone."

Mike: "Especially me."

He pulls out her chair and she sits down.

Susan: "Thank you."

Underneath the table, the busboy realizes that he's trapped. Above the table, Susan gets a confused look on her face.

Busboy: "Excuse me miss?"

She peeks between her legs, underneath the table, and sees the busboy peering back up at her.

She gasps in horror and jumps back, out of her chair, running into a waiter, carrying a large tray with food on it. The waiter falls, dropping the food, and a woman walking by trips, nearly falling herself, but Mike quickly catches her.

Susan: "I am so sorry! Is everyone okay?"

Lady: "Oh, oh. Thank you. Thank you!"

She walks off and as Susan sits back down, Mike quickly checks his shirt. His wound had started bleeding again, and it's left a small red stain on his white shirt. He pulls his jacket over the stain and sits down.

Busboy: "Oh, ma'am, your napkin."

Susan: "Don't even think about it."

The busboy walks off and she leans down to get her own napkin.

Later, a waiter pours wine while Susan opens the card that Mike got for her. As she reads it, he surreptitiously pulls open his jacket to look at his wound, which has left a bigger stain.

Susan: "Oh, that's so wonderful what you wrote, thank you. Okay, I'm not gonna be any kind of company until I get something off my chest. Do you remember the other day when you said that you wanted to have kids?"

Mike: "Mm hmm."

Susan: "Here's the thing, I don't think I'm ready to have another baby. I think we need to have a serious conversation."

Mike: "Sure."

He smiles and Susan smiles back, then takes a sip of wine.

Lynette's House

Lynette and Tom sit at their table, dressed up, and eating a fancy meal.

Lynette: "I'm not going over there."

Tom: "Yes, you are."

Lynette: "No. I can deal with the humiliation of going around the neighborhood returning everything the boys stole, but please don't make me apologize to that woman."

Tom: "This is what it means to be a good neighbor, finding ways of getting along instead of, you know, hurling an egg at them."

Lynette: "But why do I have to apologize? Why don't we just go oh, now we're even' and we'll start from scratch."

Tom: "Okay if the, uh, being a pleasant human being argument doesn't fly with you, we'll try a self preservation, what if she wakes up in the middle of the night, the house is on fire, you don't want her to call 911?"

Lynette: "If our house catches fire I guarantee you, she's the one that started it."

Tom: "My point is, the day will come when we need her help and I don't want her not to help us just because of some silly feud."

Lynette: "Fine, I'll do it."

Tom: "Wow, thank you."

Lynette: "You know whoever came up with the motto love thy neighbor clearly lived nowhere near Karen McCluskey."

Tom: "Yes, well, on Valentine's Day the only motto that really matters is, you know, love thy husband."

Lynette: "Really, I, I recall no such motto."

They kiss.

Le Petit Fleur

Susan and Mike have their food in front of them.

Susan: "I mean, I understand why you would want to have kids, but that chapter of my life is just closed. I don't think I can go back there. And so, you know, given the way I feel and given the way I think you feel..."

Mike, clearly not feeling well, lowers his head, propping it up with his index and middle fingers of his left hand.

Susan: "Oh god, you're not taking this well. Oh I was afraid of this."

Mike: "Um."

He looks down and notices drops of blood dripping onto the floor from his wound.

Susan: "What?"

Mike: "I've got to go."

Susan: "What?"

Mike: "I'm sorry."

Susan: "I don't believe this. You're leaving without even trying to talk me into having your baby? I mean how do you know I wouldn't cave. I always cave."

Mike collapses on the floor. When he falls, his jacket falls open and the bleeding wound is clearly visible.

Susan: "Mike?!"

She rushes toward him.

Bree's House

Bree's reading in bed when Rex climbs in next to her.

Bree: "Good night."

Rex: "Night."

Bree ( sighs ): "So, how does this domination thing work?"

He rolls over and sits up. Then he smiles at her.

Later, Rex is pulling a box out of the deepest part of the closet as he talks.

Rex: "So there's nothing to be afraid of. I mostly will be constructing simple scenarios and acting them out."

Bree: "So, it's like we're in a little play."

Rex: "Sort of. And if things do get too rough we'll have a control word. If one of us says it, the other backs off immediately."

Bree: "Okay. So what's our control word?"

Rex: "Well, lately I've been using Philadelphia."

She looks away.

Rex: "What's wrong?"

Bree: "Well it's just that my Aunt Fern lives in Philadelphia and I don't want to be thinking about her while I'm spanking you with a leather strap."

Rex: "Okay. Fine. You pick a control word."

Bree: "Um, how about Boise?"

Rex: "Boise?"

Bree: "What's the matter with Boise?"

Rex: "We're going to be doing psychological role playing here, Bree, and a funny word like Boise would ruin the mood. We need something that sounds serious."

Bree: "Hmm. How about Palestine?"

Rex: "Boise will be just fine."

Bree: "So I guess we should, uh, get started. What do you want me to do?"

Rex: "Handcuff me to the bed. Bree, you are not going to regret taking this journey with me. This is going to infuse our marriage with more passion then you could imagine. You just have to trust me."

Bree: "I do. Would you mind if I ran these through the dishwasher once?"

Rex: "Sure."

Hospital

A nurse leads Susan to outside Mike's hospital room.

Nurse: "You can wait here. You can go in to see him as soon as the doctor's finished."

Susan: "Oh, okay. Thanks."

The doctor and a nurse come out of Mike's room.

Nurse: "Can you believe that story?"

Doctor: "Please. There's no way that gun shot wound was self-inflicted."

Nurse: "Funny how he can't seem to remember who stitched him up."

Doctor: "Well, the police are on their way to talk to him. Let them sort it out."

Susan watches them go, then slowly walks into Mike's room.

Mike: "Sorry about ruining dinner."

Susan: "Ah, please. I'm just glad you're okay. So, you shot yourself?"

Mike: "Pretty lame, huh? I was cleaning my automatic and I was too embarrassed to tell you."

Susan: "Well, I could see why you would be."

Mike: "I know it sounds crazy. I just couldn't let myself ruin your Valentine's Day. But I heard what you said at the restaurant about not wanting kids."

Susan: "We don't have to talk about that now."

Mike: "Oh, Susan, I just want to be with you above everything else. That means not being a dad? I may be stupid enough to shoot myself, but I'm not stupid enough to walk away from you. You know that, right?"

Susan: "Yeah. I'm gonna go outside and let you rest for a while."

Mike: "Thanks for being so understanding."

She smils at him. As she opens the door to his room, two police officers walk inside.

Police: "Mr. Delfino, I'm Officer Russell, this is Officer Walters. We'd like to ask you a few questions."

Mrs. McCluskey's House

The next day, Lynette's three boys, dressed nicely, walk up the walk to Mrs. McCluskey's front door. Parker holds the wall clock. They turn to look at her, and Lynette, standing by the sidewalk, motions that they should knock on the door. They do, and Mrs. McCluskey opens it.

Mrs. McCluskey: "What do you want?"

The boys turn to look at Lynette.

Lynette: "The boys have something they'd like to say to you."

Parker hands Mrs. McCluskey the wall clock.

Mrs. McCluskey: "I have some tea heating on the stove. Perhaps you'd better come inside, boys."

The boys turn to look at Lynette again, and she nods that it's okay.

Mrs. McCluskey: "What about you, Lynette? D'you have anything to say?"

Lynette: "No. I'll just wait out here."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Suit yourself."

She closes the door.

Inside the house, the boys sit on her couch.

Mrs. McCluskey: "You boys want some peanut brittle? Go ahead. Don't get any crumbs on my floor. Move over. Okay. Go ahead, make with the apology."

All three boys: "We're sorry."

Mrs. McCluskey: "That's it, huh? Didn't you know that stealing is wrong? How old are you anyway?"

Twin: "We're six."

Mrs. McCluskey: "And how old are you?"

Parker: "Five."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Well, your mother just pops 'em out, doesn't she?"

Twin: "How old are you?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "How old do you think?"

Twin: "A hundred and fifty."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Hurry up and eat your peanut brittle."

Twin (pointing to a framed picture): "Who's that?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "That's my little boy."

Twin: "Where does he live?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "He died when he was twelve."

Twin: "How come?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "He got sick. He was a little terror like you three. You would've liked him. Now, are you done with the peanut brittle? Let's go. Now, I want to say something to you before you go. What you did was wrong, but it's nice that you wanted to get a present for your mom for Valentine's Day. Nobody is ever gonna love you like your mother. All right, let's go."

She opens the front door and shoos the boys out.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Get the hell out of my house."

Lynette stares at her, then herds the children her way.

"In her heart, Lynette knew she would probably never love her neighbor, never realizing that love was the one thing she and her neighbor had in common."

Susan's House

Susan sits on a bench in her front yard, reading the Valentine's Day card Mike got her. Lynette walks over.

Lynette: "Hey."

Susan: "Hey, Lynette."

Lynette: "Um..."

Susan: "What's wrong?"

Lynette: "My kids have been on kind of a thieving jag, stealing stuff from around the neighborhood"

Susan: "I'm so sorry."

Lynette: "I know, they're being punished. Probably for life. But I needed you to see something. They said they stole it from Mike's garage. From inside his work bench. Your Mike."

Susan unwraps the cloth Lynette handed her. Inside is a bracelet and ring.

Susan: "So?"

Lynette: "Read the engraving."

Susan turns the bracelet over and sees that it reads "Martha Huber." There are small traces of a reddish substance on the bracelet.

Susan (gasps): "Is that blood?"

Lynette: "I don't know."

Susan: "What, what does this mean?"

Lynette: "I don't know."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle walks through her front door, closing her eyes in exhaustion.

"It's impossible to grasp just how powerful love is..."

Carlos grabs her and lifts her up for a hug, twirling her around.

"...it can sustain us through trying times..."

Bree's House

Bree opens up the dishwasher, where the handcuffs are sitting. She takes them out, looks them over, and shakes her head. Holding them in her hand, she closes the dishwasher.

"...or motivate us to make extraordinary sacrifices..."

Outside Paul's House

Paul collects his mail.

"...it can force decent men to commit the darkest deeds..."

As he walks back up to his house, he looks over to Martha Huber's house and sees Felicia picking up the newspaper.

"...or compel ordinary women to search for hidden truths..."

They smile and wave to each other.

Mrs. McCluskey's House

Mrs. McCluskey takes down the framed photograph of her son to look at it.

"...and long after we're gone, love remains burned into our memories."

Susan's House

Susan looks at the card Mike got her, then stares out her window at his house across the street.

"We all search for love, but some of us, after we found it, wish we hadn't."
Bree comes down the stairs with a basket of laundry.

"Bree Van De Kamp believed in old-fashioned values. Things like respect for God, the importance of family, and love of country. In fact, Bree believed so strongly in her values, it was always a shock whenever she was confronted with those who didn't."

As she sorts the laundry in front of the washer, she pulls out a condom from the basket.

Moments later, she holds it up in front of Rex, who's paying bills at the dining room table.

Rex: "It's not mine."

Bree: "You promised the cheating had stopped, Rex. You promised."

Rex: "Could we not yell at each other? I'm feeling really lousy today."

Bree: "I want you out of the house!"

Rex: "Bree, look at me. It's not mine."

Bree: "Well, then, whose is it? It didn't just magically appear in my laundry basket."

Rex: "Well, I'm not the only guy in this house that uses that hamper."

He gets up and walks through the kitchen. Bree follows him.

Bree: "No."

Rex: "Sorry."

Bree: "Andrew is still a child."

Rex: "He's sixteen. It's not unheard of."

Bree: "Honey, you have to talk to him."

Rex: "And tell him what?"

Bree: "Tell him that we found his condom and that he is forbidden from - y'know."

Rex: "I can absolutely tell him that we think he's too young, but I don't think it's gonna do any good."

Bree: "Well, then the least we can do is go search his room and if we find any more of these, we'll confiscate them."

Rex: "And that will accomplish what?"

Bree: "Well, if we take away his condoms, maybe--"

Rex: "He's a teenage boy. We could take away his pen1s. He'd still try to have s*x."

Bree: "Well, we can't put it back in his room. I mean that would be like we're condoning him having pre-marital s*x."

Rex: "Bree, let me put this another way. Do you want to become a grandmother?"

Cut to Bree leaving freshly-laundered clothes on Andrew's bed, then leaving his room, passing Andrew in the hallway. Andrew enters in his room.

"Yes, Bree believed in old-fashioned values, but she also believed it was better to be safe than sorry."

Once in his room, Andrew sees the condom conspicuously left on his bed.

Credits

"Each new morning in suburbia brings with it a new set of lies. Little white lies told not to hurt."

A postman walks past a woman putting a bumper sticker on her car. The woman looks grumpy.

Postman: "Morning Mrs. Cutchel. You look lovely today."

The woman smiles after him.

"...but to make life more pleasant. They tell these lies to protect themselves and their reputations."

The postman thumbs through the small stack of bills marked "Past Due" addressed to the Solis residence as he walks up to Carlos and Gabrielle's house. Carlos walks up the sidewalk to meet him and takes the mail.

Carlos: "Oh, for God sakes, this is unbelievable. It's the last time I do my banking online."

"Of course, every now and then, the day arrives when someone finally decides to tell the truth."

Bree's House

Susan, Gabrielle, and Bree sit at the dining room table with coffee cups in front of them. Lynette stands in the corner.

Gabrielle: "He was shot? How could you not tell us about this?"

Susan: "He was embarrassed. He said it was an accident. Oh, don't look at me like that. Accidents happen."

Gabrielle: "We know that you want to trust Mike, but he had a dead woman's jewelry in his garage."

Susan: "Now did he? We don't know that for sure. All we know is that Lynette's kids turned up with it."

Bree: "So what are you saying, that the twins murdered Martha?"

Lynette: "Well, I wouldn't put it past them."

Susan: "I'm saying that is about as likely as Mike having done it. He's a good guy. I know him. I mean, he's, he's Mike."

Lynette: "Honestly, I don't think Mike did it either, but if we don't call, we're guilty of withholding evidence."

Bree: "Well, you know what? If he is innocent, this should be a simple matter to clear up."

Gabrielle: "But, we will do whatever you want us to do."

Susan: "Okay, call."

Bree: "So should I just dial nine one one?"

Gabrielle: "Well, it's not really an emergency."

Lynette: "It was a murder."

Bree: "Well, not recently, and I'd prefer not to tie up the line."

Susan: "Will you just call?"

Bree dials the phone.

Susan's House

There's a knock on the door. Julie answers it. It was Zach.

Zach: "Hey."

Julie: "My mom will be home any minute. She'll freak if she sees you here."

Zach: "Oh, I just wanted to deliver this personally. I'm having a party."

Julie: "You know she doesn't want us to see each other."

Zach: "Well, you gotta come. You're the reason I'm doing this."

Julie: "I'll try to talk to my mom, okay? But you really gotta go."

He turns and walks away.

Outside Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle, returning home, is greeted by a young man leaning against his truck.

Justin: "Hey, Mrs. Solis."

Gabrielle: "I'm sorry. Do I know you?"

Justin: "Yeah, I'm Justin. John's roommate? I've been waiting forever for you to show up."

Gabrielle: "Really, why?"

Justin: "I want to do you a favor."

Gabrielle: "What kind of favor?"

Justin: "Well, John says that you can't exactly afford a gardener right now, and I told him I'd be happy to do it. For free."

Gabrielle: "You want to mow my lawn for free?"

Justin: "Mow your lawn, water your flowers, trim your bushes. I could do everything John did for you."

Gabrielle: "That's very generous of you, but I don't think so."

Justin: "Why?"

Gabrielle: "Because my husband is home quite a lot these days. If any bush needs trimming, he takes care of it."

Justin: "Well, this is a very beautiful yard. I'm sure it could use a little extra attention."

Gabrielle: "I'm flattered but no thank you."

She starts to walk past, and he grabs her arm, holding on.

Justin: "Mrs. Solis, please."

Gabrielle: "Did I mention why my husband's home a lot? He's under house arrest."

Justin: "Oh?"

Gabrielle: "He has a lot of anger toward the government right now and he's just dying to find someone to take it out on."

He lets go of her arm and she walks briskly towards her front door.

Lynette's House

Tom enters the house as the boys are playing hockey in the living room.

Tom: "Hey guys, this isn't a hockey rink. Can you take it outside?"

Lynette: "How was your day?"

Tom: "Hey. I didn't get the V.P. gig."

Lynette: "Oh, Tom, I'm so sorry."

Tom: "It just doesn't make any sense to me. I mean, I'm Peterson's go-to guy, so how does Tim Doogan, the biggest blow-hard in the office get promoted to vice president over me?"

Lynette: "I thought you liked Tim Doogan."

Tom: "I do. I just, I just, I really wanted that promotion. Boys, can you please take the Stanley Cup Finals outside?"

The boys ignore him.

Lynette: "Well, did you tell Mr. Peterson that you wanted the job?"

Tom: "I have worked at that firm for eight and a half years. Doogan's been there for less than two. I am not going to beg."

Lynette: "I'm not saying to beg. You just have to step up from time to time. You have to see your opportunity and take it. Nobody respects a shrinking violet."

Tom: "There is more than one, you know, leadership style. Mine is quiet but effective."

Lynette ( shouting at the boys ): "Take that racket outside!" (to Tom) "Well, whatever works for ya."

The boys immediately stop playing and head outside.

Outside Susan's House

Susan is taking groceries out of her car when Mike comes up from behind her.

Mike: "Susan! Hey, sexy, where you been? I called you twice. You avoiding me?"

Susan: "Don't be silly. Why would I do that? No, I've just been really busy grocery shopping."

Mike: "For two days? You must be pretty well stocked."

From behind Mike, police officers come out of unmarked cars and quickly and quietly draw their guns and walk hurriedly towards Mike. Susan notices them and looks worried.

Mike: "How 'bout dinner tonight?"

Susan: "Uh, dinner, tonight?"

Mike: "You okay?"

One of the cops motions with his hand for Susan to get down.

Susan: "Can you hold these a sec?"

She hands the groceries and dives to the ground. Immediately, the cops grab Mike and push him towards Susan's car, handcuff him, and start pulling him away while reading him his rights.

Cop: "Up against the car! You have the right to remain silent. Anything you do say can be used against you in a court of law..."

Bree's House

At the dinner table, the four Van De Kamps eat.

Andrew: "So, get this. Zach Young is throwing a pool party Saturday night and he sent out a bunch of formal invitations complete with fancy lettering."

Danielle: "I'm surprised he didn't spritz them with after shave."

Bree: "What is wrong with nice invitations?"

Andrew: "Mom, it's a pool party."

Danielle: "Why couldn't he've just pass out fliers in the quad?"

Andrew: "Because he's genetically incapable of being cool?"

Rex: "So, uh, you going?"

Andrew: "Maybe. I mean, um, Lisa and Justin and some of the guys thought it'd be fun to swim. We can always bail if it's as lame as we think it's gonna be."

Bree: "Is Lisa your friend with the pierced navel?"

Andrew: "Yeah."

Bree: "You've been spending a lot of time together lately, haven't you?"

Andrew: "I guess."

Bree: "Oh, uh, Andrew, I'm gonna want you home by eleven on Saturday."

Andrew: "Eleven? Mom, it's not even a school night."

Rex: "Bree, a curfew isn't gonna do any good."

Bree: "You may be able to abdicate all your parental responsibility but I cannot."

Andrew: "What, what's going on here? Would this have to do with the condom you left in my room?"

Bree: "As a matter of fact it does, and just so we're clear, if you get Lisa pregnant, you will marry her."

Andrew lets out an exasperated laugh.

Bree: "Andrew, this is not funny."

Andrew: "Mom, trust me. This is very funny, mostly because the condom wasn't mine."

Bree stares accusingly at Rex, who in turn stares at Andrew like he knows he's lying.

Andrew turns to Danielle, who, when she catches her father's eye, leans back in her chair and turns to Andrew.

Danielle: "You suck, you know that?"

Bree stares at Danielle, her mouth hanging open in shock.

Later, Bree walks into the kitchen where Danielle is.

Bree: "So obviously we need to talk."

Danielle: "I'm still a virgin if that's what you want to know."

Bree: "Well, good. But why on earth would you need a condom?"

Danielle: "Because I'm planning on having s*x and I don't want to get pregnant."

Bree: "Danielle, you are president of the Abstinence Club."

Danielle: "I wasn't planning on running for a second term."

Bree: "Who were you planning on having s*x with?"

Danielle: "John."

Bree: "John Rowland? I thought you broke up with him."

Danielle: "No, he broke up with me. And you want to know why? Because I wouldn't do it."

Bree: "Well, if that's the type of boy he is, then good riddance."

Danielle: "Mom, every boy at my school is that type of boy. And besides, it's different with John. I love him."

Bree: "Oh, sweetheart, just because you give a boy s*x doesn't mean you'll get love in return."

Danielle: "So maybe I'm being stupid. What's the big deal? It's just s*x."

Bree: "Honey, I am looking out for your happiness. Now, I understand what it's like to be young and feel urges, but I waited until I got married, as did your father, and it was so much better."

Danielle: "Daddy ended up cheating on you."

Bree: "Yes. Well -"

Danielle: "And every since he moved back in, you've been miserable."

Bree: "Why would you say that?"

Danielle: "The walls between our bedrooms are paper thin. I hear more stuff than I probably should."

Bree: "Oh."

Danielle: "Look, mom, I love you a lot but you really are the last person to ever give anyone advice about s*x and happiness."

She gives her mom a kiss on the cheek and walks out of the room.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle picks up the stack of bills and tosses them in front of Carlos.

Gabrielle: "Have you seen these? Five more past due notices."

Carlos: "Don't worry. I'm handling it."

Gabrielle: "How? How are you handling it?"

Carlos: "Can I please finish my sandwich?"

Gabrielle: "Have you seen our checking account lately? We're broke. And then we have the mortgage payment coming up. We have property taxes.."

Carlos: "Gabby, it's going to be okay."

Gabrielle: "No, it's not. We are seriously screwed, and I am freaking out that you're not freaking out."

Carlos: "Look, things will turn around."

Gabrielle: "When?"

Carlos: "I don't know when, but we're lucky people, and we'll be lucky again."

Gabrielle: "What is that?"

Carlos: "It's the lawnmower. We got a new gardener today. It's not going to cost us a cent. The kid's a friend of John's."

Gabrielle: "Carlos--"

Carlos: "And he said that he'd do the lawn for free. Can you believe it? We are lucky people."

Carlos goes back to his sandwich while Gabrielle stands in the doorway, glaring at Justin, who mows the lawn with his shirt off. He sends a triumphant smile her way.

Baseball Field

A company softball game is in progress. In the dugout, a man walks to position to bat, while others call out his name and he waves to the crowd.

Doogan: "Hey you guys, good to see you again."

Tom sits on the bench, staring after him glumly. Lynette comes up to him and sits down.

Lynette: "Hey! Don't look so glum. You're gonna get a hit."

Tom: "It's not that. This is my hating Tim Doogan look." (in an announcer's voice) "Oh, Doogan connects. Look at the job-stealing b*st*rd run. Doogan is really showing some of the glory-hounding, ass-kissing hustle that he is so well known for."

Lynette: "I forgot how much fun you are when you're bitter."

Tom: "Oh look, he's stretched for extra bases, just like he stretched for extra territory screwing over unsung utility player Tom Scavo."

Doogan trips and falls onto the ground.

Tom: "Oh, down goes Doogan. Doogan goes down. That's gotta hurt. Oh, Lord Hound is tagged out and now he's gonna have to deal with some tough dirt stains, that Tim Doogan."

Lynette: "Tom..."

Several of the players roll Doogan over and begin administering CPR.

Tom: "Oh, no, look. I'm sure he's just grandstanding."

Lynette: "Oh my God."

Tom: "Holy crap."

He runs out onto the field.

Susan's House

Susan cleans up the dishes from dinner. Julie follows her into the kitchen.

Julie: "It's only a pool party. Everyone's gonna be there."

Susan: "I said no."

Julie: "What are you gonna do? Keep a boy freeze zone around me until I'm eighteen?"

Susan: "You can see boys in a couple years, just not that boy."

Julie: "Why do you hate Zach?"

Susan: "I don't hate Zach. I just think he's sort of crazy."

Julie: "Mom, I've heard people call you sort of crazy."

Susan: "Well, I'm adorable crazy, and he's rampage crazy."

A knock at the door. Susan opens it.

Detective Copeland: "Susan Mayer?"

Susan: "Yeah."

Detective Copeland: "I'm Detective Copeland. I'm investigating the murder of Martha Huber. I need to talk to you about Mike Delfino."

Later, Susan and Julie sit on the couch while Detective Copeland puts on a pair of glasses and opens up a small notebook.

Detective Copeland: "Do you remember seeing Mr. Delfino on the seventh of last month?"

Susan: "Is the seventh important?"

Detective Copeland: "Well, we believe it was the night that Martha Huber was murdered. She was last seen at the grocery store around nine and then she didn't show up for her dentist appointment the next morning."

Susan: "What day was that?"

Detective Copeland: "It was a Sunday."

Susan: "Oh. Oh, my God, yes. Yes, yes, I was with Mike that night."

Detective Copeland: "You're sure?"

Susan: "Yes, I was. It was a big night for us, relationship-wise. It was the first time that we..."

Detective Copeland: "The first time you...?"

Julie: "Did it. The first time they did it."

Susan: "Julie!"

Julie: "Well, it was."

Susan: "How did you know?"

Julie: "I'm not clueless. I found men's boxers in the clothes hamper."

Susan: "Oh, don't write that down. Oh, but this is good. You can let Mike go. He's innocent."

Detective Copeland: "Well, assuming everything you're telling me is true."

Julie: "It's true. The next morning she made pancakes in the shape of little hearts. Seriously. Little hearts."

Susan gives her a light slap on the leg.

Gabrielle's Bedroom

Gabrielle walks into her bedroom from the bathroom, tying a bathrobe around her. She turns around and gasps. Justin stands in the doorway.

Gabrielle: "Justin, what are you doing up here?"

Justin: "Uh, I finished the hedges. Is there anything else Mr. Solis wants done?"

Gabrielle: "I don't know. He's not here. He had a meeting with his lawyer."

Justin: "So, I guess that means we're all alone."

Gabrielle: "No, that means I'm all alone. You're leaving."

Justin: "I'm not in a hurry. C'mon, maybe we could hang out for a little while."

Gabrielle: "I don't think so."

Justin: "C'mon, if you just got to know me, you'd see I can be lots of fun. All my friends say so."

Gabrielle: "Well, I'm not interested in becoming one of your friends. Get out of my bedroom."

Justin: "C'mon, Mrs. Solis, be nice."

He grabs her and leans in for a kiss. She slaps him."

Justin: "You shouldn't have done that."

Gabrielle: "Do you know how easy it would be for me to call my husband and tell him what you just tried to do?"

Justin: "Not as easy as it'd be for me to tell him what happened between you and John. I'm sorry, Mrs. Solis, but you're gonna have to be nice to me, at least once."

She stares at him in confusion as he walks off.

Outside Mike's House

A police car drops him off and Susan runs to greet him.

Susan: "Mike! Mike, are you okay?"

Mike: "Uh, yeah, yeah, I'm a little bit embarrassed. Must be the talk of the neighborhood."

Susan: "No, not really, no. So guess what? I'm your alibi. I told the police that we were together the night that Mrs. Huber was killed and that I could never forget that night."

Mike: "So you don't think I killed Mrs. Huber?"

Susan: "No, no, of course not. I could never think you killed anybody, even I wasn't your alibi, which I am."

Mike: "Okay, I'm, um, I'm gonna go take a shower. Jail is kinda gross. I'll call you later, okay?"

Susan: "Sure. When?"

Mike: "Later, I've just got some stuff I've got to take care of, okay?"

Susan: "Okay."


John and Justin's Apartment

John opens his door. Bree is standing there.

John: "Mrs. Van De Kamp."

Bree: "Hello, John. I'm sorry to drop by on you, unannounced. Do you have a moment?"

John: "Sure. So, what can I do for you?"

Bree: "Well, I'll tell you. My daughter is planning on giving you her virginity and I would consider it a personal favor if you wouldn't take it."

Lynette's Place

Tom arrives home.

Tom: "Hey."

Lynette: "Hi. So, what's the word on Tim?"

Tom: "He came through the triple bypass with flying colors."

Lynette: "Thank god."

Tom: "Course, it's not all coming up roses. He's not going to be able to come back to work for four, four and a half months."

Lynette: "Oh."

Tom sits down at the table with a beer, clearly very happy.

Lynette: "What?"

Tom: "The company still needs to expand, so I figure they need a fit, heart-smart guy like me to step up, take the ball."

Lynette: "You're going after Tim Doogan's promotion?"

Tom: "No. I already got it. You should've seen me. I walked straight into Peterson's office and I told him he would be a fool to hold Doogan's promotion."

Lynette: "You called your boss a fool?"

Tom: "I did. That was risky in retrospect, but you know what? Still, he gave me the job. Look at me. It's me, I'm the man, I got the whole west coast."

Lynette: "Oh my -- what? What? The whole west coast? I thought you were going after an in-house position."

Tom: "No, no, no. I'm setting up new offices from Seattle to L.A. I, I told you that."

Lynette: "No. No, you didn't."

Tom: "Okay, so it's gonna be a little bit more travel."

Lynette: "More travel? Tom, you're barely here half the time as it is. Now you're going to have -- what, twice the work load?"

Tom: "Honey? Please, don't ruin this."

Lynette: "I'm sorry, but you should have consulted me."

Tom: "I did. You told me to stop being a shrinking violet and to step up."

Lynette: "I thought this was an in-house position."

Tom: "Okay, I'm going to go shower."

Lynette: "Look, wait, wait. I know what this means to you."

Tom: "No, you don't. No, you don't. I am forty-one years old. If I don't make vice president now, it's never gonna happen. This is my career. It's, it's important to me."

Lynette: "So was mine, but I'm here, aren't I?"

Tom: "I'm gonna take the job."

He goes upstairs.

John and Justin's Apartment

Bree and John sit facing each other in the living room.

Bree: "She said that you broke up with her because she refused to have s*x."

John: "Wow. Um, okay, here's the deal. I said that, but it was just an excuse. The truth is, I wasn't that into her."

Bree: "Really?"

John: "And she was always so proud of never having done it, I figured, hey, this is my way out."

Bree: "Well, she feels very passionately about you."

John: "Well, don't get me wrong. She's nice, but the truth is, there's someone else."

Bree: "Oh, are you going steady?"

John: "Not exactly. We were seeing each other pretty regularly but this other lady - girl, she sorta dumped me."

Bree: "Oh, I see."

John: "Well, look. I'll talk to Danielle, and don't worry, I'll let her down gently."

Bree: "Uh, actually, I would prefer if you didn't."

John: "Huh?"

Bree: "I know my daughter. She's very determined, and unless you're really firm with her, she's going to continue to think that there's hope."

John: "Okay. I'll be firm."

Bree: "Better still, be brutal."

Diner

Mike enters and finds Mr. Shaw eating a big piece of chocolate cake. He sits down at the booth with Mr. Shaw

Mike: "Decided to indulge your sweet tooth, huh?"

Mr. Shaw: "I'll be dead inside a year. I got bigger things to worry about than my waistline. So, who's the woman they think you killed?"

Mike: "Martha Huber, local busybody. I thought her murder was random."

Mr. Shaw: "Nothing random about her jewelry ending up in your garage. Did you kill her?"

Mike: "No. Whoever set me up did a good job, though. The cops are all over me."

Mr. Shaw: "You getting close to something?"

Mike: "If I'm getting close, I don't see it."

Mr. Shaw: "What I'm saying is, people leave trails. One of those trails could lead to Deirdre. Whoever set you up must know that."

Mike: "Yeah, maybe. But I won't be much good to you locked up."

Mr. Shaw: "I'm rich, Mike. One of the best things about being rich is the security of knowing you can buy your way out of any problem. I'm not taking my money to the grave. I'm gonna use it to save your ass."

John and Justin's Apartment

Justin opens the door. Gabrielle is on the other side.

Justin: "Mrs. Solis!"

Gabrielle: "Hello, Justin."

Justin: "What are you doing here?"

Gabrielle: "I am here to talk to your roommate."

Justin: "John? I didn't think you guys talked anymore."

Gabrielle: "Well, now we have something to talk about. You."

Justin: "Me?"

Gabrielle: "Yes, I'm gonna tell him how you're trying to blackmail me into sleeping with you. I wonder how he'll react."

Justin: "Mrs. Solis --"

Gabrielle: "Think he'll get violent?"

Justin: "You can't talk to John about that."

Gabrielle: "Oh, I can, and I will, you little worthless piece of crap."

Justin: "Listen, Mrs. Solis. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't want to blackmail you."

Gabrielle: "Then why did you?"

Justin: "I really needed to sleep with you."

Gabrielle: "Why?"

Justin: "Because. I think I might be gay."

Gabrielle: "Oh."

Tom's Office

The boys come running in, followed by Lynette.

Boys: "Daddy!"

Tom: "What's up?"

Lynette: "Oh, we went out for burgers and the boys knew you wouldn't be home till after, um, bedtime so we decided to pop in and visit the new V.P."

Tom: "Yeah, well, check it out. I finally got an office with a window, huh?"

Lynette: "Yep, it's all about the window."

Tom: "Hey, guys, hey, who wants chair rides?"

Boys: "Me!"

Tom: "C'mon, out this way. Here we go."

Tom and the boys run into the lounge area and begin playing. Lynette watches them from the other side of the glass.

A woman walks into the office and grins at Lynette.

Mrs. Peterson: "Checking out the new executive digs?"

Lynette: "Oh, you know it."

Mrs. Peterson: "Can I tell you a little secret?"

Lynette: "Sure."

Mrs. Peterson: "Dan wanted to hold the promotion over for Tim Doogan and I'm the one that convinced him to give it to Tom."

Lynette: "Really?"

Mrs. Peterson: "Uh-huh. Tom is such a workhorse and he wanted it so badly."

Lynette: "Yeah, he certainly did."

Mrs. Peterson: "What is wrong? Aren't you happy about this promotion?"

"Lynette realized it was in her best interest to lie to the boss's wife."

Lynette: "Well, it's great, obviously. Thank you."

"Provided she wasn't too convincing."

Lynette: "Of course, I mean, I will miss him being gone all the time. He'll be bringing in more money, but he is gonna miss the birthdays, baseball games, first steps. That's the trade-off, right? I just hope one day Tom doesn't look back and regret being gone so much. I better get out there before they break something."

Mrs. Peterson: "Of course, I will see you soon."

Lynette: "Okay."

Mrs. Peterson watches Lynette.

John and Justin's Apartment

Gabrielle: "So, have you been acting on these feelings?"

Justin: "I got a buddy. We get together, mess around, but it's no big deal. Just lately, I've been starting to, like, care about him and I don't know how to handle it."

Gabrielle: "Wow."

Justin: "Yeah, and I thought if I sleep with somebody like you, I'll know for sure and I can stop freaking out about this."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, but why me? You're a good looking kid. Why don't you test drive someone your own age?"

Justin: "Girls talk. If I start something with somebody and it doesn't...work out, everybody at school will find out, and I figured I could trust you because you have husband and all."

Gabrielle: "Well, I guess that makes sense in a weird sort of way."

Justin: "You know, my buddy and I, we've been messing around for quite a while and, this whole time, I just kept telling myself, it didn't really mean anything. Guess I just been kidding' myself, huh?"

Gabrielle: "We're all in denial about something. But you're finally facing the truth and I think that's sort of brave."

Justin: "Thanks."

Gabrielle: "I should probably go."

Justin: "Uh, just so you know, I never would have told Mr. Solis about you and John. I may be gay, but I'm not a jerk."

She walks up to him and kisses him passionately.

Gabrielle: "Did you feel anything?"

Justin: "Not really."

Gabrielle: "Definitely gay."

Susan's House, nighttime

Susan answers a knock at the door while Julie does her homework at the kitchen table.

Susan: "Hi."

Detective Copeland: "Hi. I'm sorry to bother you at night, Miss Mayer, but I was hoping that maybe you could come down to the station with me, uh, just answer a few more questions."

Susan: "Now? Well, I'm, I'm sorry, my daughter and I were going to go see a movie tonight."

As Susan and Detective Copeland talk, Julie looks out the kitchen window across the street to where Zach's party is.

Julie: "Mom? we can do it another night. I'll be fine."

Susan: "Uh, let me get my purse."

Detective Copeland: "Great."

Susan: "Are you sure?"

Julie: "Yeah."

Susan: "I'm sure I won't be late. Bye."

Julie: Bye."

Police Interrogation Room

Susan sits at a small table. Detective Copeland sits down across from her, next to a video camera that's trained on Susan's face.

Behind a two-way mirror, a dark-haired man watches the two of them in the room.

Detective Copeland: "You said that Mike came to your house around ten p.m. on the night of the seventh?"

Susan: "Um, am I supposed to talk into the camera?"

Detective Copeland: "No, no, just talk to me."

Susan: "Okay. Uh, yes. He came over around ten o'clock."

Detective Copeland: "Do you know of any tension between Mike and Martha Huber?"

Susan: "No."

Detective Copeland: "Were you aware that Mike was shot recently?"

Susan: "Yes, on Valentine's Day."

Detective Copeland: "And do you know how it came about?"

Susan: "He dropped his gun, cleaning it."

Detective Copeland: "Miss Mayer, with all due respect, I've been working around guns for years. I've never seen one discharge when it hits the ground. Someone has to pull the trigger."

Susan: "Well, I wouldn't know about that."

Detective Copeland: "Were you aware there was a home invasion, uh, three blocks from you on Pine Avenue, the day before Valentines?"

Susan: "No."

Detective Copeland: "The intruder was shot in the stomach. Where was Mike's wound?"

Susan: "The stomach."

Detective Copeland: "Do you love him?"

Susan: "What? What does that have to do with -"

Detective Copeland: "It's just sometimes people do stupid things when they're in love. I should know. I've been married four times. Tell me the truth. He wasn't with you that night, was he? He asked you to lie for him, didn't he?"

Susan: "No, he didn't. He was with me and Mike wouldn't kill anybody. I'm sure of that."

Detective Copeland stands up and picks up a nearby file folder. He puts on his reading glasses, opens the thick folder, puts it on the table, sits down, and reads out loud.

Detective Copeland: "Mike Delfino. Convicted nineteen eighty seven, did five and a half years for drug trafficking and manslaughter."

He turns the folder around towards Susan so she can see Mike's fingerprints and mug shots.

Detective Copeland: "You want a coffee. I'm gonna go for coffee."

She looks up and shakes her head.

He steps through the door that has the two-way mirror on it and stands with the other man.

Detective Copeland: "So is she covering for her guy?"

Man: "Nah, she's just a sucker."

On the video camera, Susan looks shocked as she looks through the folder.

Zach's Party

Danielle and Julie enter. The party is in full swing, with lots of kids around.

Julie: "I guess no one's in the pool yet. Are you gonna swim?"

Danielle: "Please. I just spent an hour blowing out my hair."

She sees John sitting alone on the couch.

Danielle: "I'll, I'll see you later, okay?"

Julie: "Okay."

Danielle joins John on the sofa, and gives him a quick kiss near his mouth. Subtly, he pulls slightly away as she kisses him.

Danielle: "Hey, I've got a surprise for you. You want to go somewhere and talk?"

John: "Yeah. We should talk."

They get up. Zach comes in from the kitchen.

Zach: "Hi, you made it."

Julie: "Andrew's here. I didn't think he'd come."

Zach: "Yeah, he brought a lot of friends. They're acting like total jerks. Alert the media. I don't care. You're here now. This is gonna be great."

In the pool area, a couple of kids are in the water, but most are hanging around by the pool.

From one of the entrances out into the pool area, Danielle enters. John rushes after her.

John: "Danielle!"

Danielle: "Don't touch me!"

John stops and Danielle rushes off.

Andrew and another guy pick up a lawn chair with another boy in it and throw it and the boy into the pool.

Zach and Julie, sitting on another lawn chair, watch.

Zach: "Can you possibly take it easy?"

Andrew: "It's cool, man. Look, he floats. Relax, it's a party. You're the main party animal, right? Am I right?"

Zach: "I guess."

Andrew: "All right. Well, then act like it. C'mon, give me a howl. C'mon, you're the host. Revel in it. Give me a howl. (howls) Awooo!"

Zach (feebly): "Woo!"

Several kids standing nearby laugh and Andrew chuckles, then slaps Zach on the back before walking off.

Andrew: "There you go."

Julie: "You okay?"

Zach: "What do I care? He's nothing. I could take care of him if I wanted to."

Julie: "What do you mean?"

Zach: "I know where my mom kept her gun."

He holds up his hand, pointing his index and middle fingers at Zach as though his hand were a gun, and pretends to aim and shoot Andrew.

Zach (quietly): "Pow."

Julie: "That's not funny, Zach."

Zach: "Well, if you think about it, yeah, it kind of is."

Julie begins to leave.

Zach: "Julie!"

Outside, Danielle stands crying by the mailbox. Julie comes up to her.

Julie: "Hey, Danielle. Are you okay?"

Danielle: "I just want to go home. Can we go?"

Julie: "Sure."

They start walking when Zach runs out of the house after them.

Zach: "Julie!"

Julie: "I'm taking Danielle home."

Zach: "Are you coming back?"

Julie: "I don't think so."

They keep walking. Zach looks at the house, then turns and starts running in the opposite direction from Julie and Danielle.

Lynette's Bedroom

She gets into bed where Tom is reading.

Tom: "So how was that P.T.A. meeting?"

Lynette: "Long."

Tom: "So Peterson called me into his office today."

Lynette: "Really?"

Tom: "Yeah, he, uh, changed his mind. He's gonna hold that promotion for Doogan."

Lynette: "Oh."

Tom: "Yeah, it's, it's fine. Y'know, I'm glad, really. Having to work all those long hours and you know how I hate flying, it just does, you know horrible things for my back. God, with all that extra stress, I'd have ended up exactly like Tim Doogan ten years from now, so."

Lynette: "Yeah, of course."

Tom: "So, it's, it's over."

Lynette: "Look, you're gonna make vice president one of these days."

Tom: "It's okay. Honest. I am really glad it worked out this way."

Lynette: "Okay."

Susan's House, nighttime

A police car drops her off in front of her house. As she walks towards her front door, Mike comes up behind her.

Susan: "Oh, God, you scared me."

Mike: "How'd it go?"

Susan: "It went just peachy, and humiliating, and shocking."

Mike: "Susan..."

Susan: "How could you? God, 'Susan do you trust me?' Yes, of course I do. Oh, I'm such an idiot, and you're such a liar. Oh, and apparently a killer, and a drug dealer. That's just quite a personal ad you've got going there."

Mike: "Susan, I came to Wisteria Lane--"

Susan: "Stop! Stop Mike, just stop. If you keep talking, you're gonna work your way into my heart and I just don't want you anywhere near my heart. Ever."

She goes into her house and shuts the door. She leans against it and starts crying. Pushing herself away from the door, she starts towards the stairs.

Susan: "Julie? Mommy needs a hug. Julie?"

She turns and sees the unfinished homework on the table. Looking out the window, she sees the party scene across the street. She marches over. A couple of boys stand outside and Susan passes by them on the way inside Paul's house.

Susan: "Is Julie in there? Julie Mayer?"

Boy: "I dunno. It's pretty dead in there."

She walks into the living room, which is empty, and then into the pool area, which is completely vacant, except for two people kissing passionately at the far end of the pool.

Susan: "Julie Alexandra Mayer!"

There's a small splash as the two people duck underneath the water.

Susan: "Oh, Julie, Zach, this is ridiculous. You can't hold your breath forever."

Her feet get tangled in something on the ground. She untangles herself and realizes she was trapped in a pair of men's boxers. Holding them up in front of her, she glares furiously at the two submerged bodies in the water.

Susan: "Oh, you might as well just stay under there and never come up for air because when you do, I'm gonna choke the living daylights out of you."

One person emerges and Susan sees that it's Justin.

Susan: "Oh, um, is my daughter under there?"

Justin shakes his head, and the other person in the pool emerges, taking a deep breath of air. It's Andrew.

Susan: "Oh."

Andrew: "I'm not, I'm not gay."

Susan: "Oh, I, okay, I'm, I'm sorry. Uh, I'll just, I'm just gonna leave those right there."

Susan begins leaving the pool area, but in her haste and surprise, trips over everything in her path. Andrew and Justin just watch her as she hurries out of the area.

Susan: "Oh! I'm fine, it's good, you just, you know, uh, did, did you see - no! Oh, good bye!"

Gabrielle's House

Carlos: "Sell the house. Are you crazy?"

Gabrielle: "Carlos, we can't afford to live here anymore."

Carlos: "But if our lawyer gets the Justice Department to unfreeze the bank accounts then--"

Gabrielle: "Then what? Huh? Finish the sentence, Carlos. We've tons of legal bills, you've lost all your clients and even with our savings, we're screwed."

Carlos: "But, it's our house."

Gabrielle: "Honey, I know. I love this place, too. It's just, I think it's time for us to face the music."

He walks out to the front porch. She follows.

Carlos: "I never thought I'd be poor at this stage of my life."

Gabrielle: "You know, Carlos, I've been broke a lot of times in my life. But, I've never been poor, because poor is just a state of mind, and right now you and I are just..."

Carlos: "Without funds?"

Gabrielle: "Exactly."

Carlos: "I guess we could get an apartment. Start over."

Gabrielle: "Who knows? It might even be fun."

Carlos: "And once we're back on our feet, we'll get a house as big as this one."

Gabrielle: "Bigger."

They kiss and turn to look at their house.

Diner

Mr. Shaw sits at a booth across from a man whose face isn't visible right away.

Man: "So I get my wife this dog for her birthday. A stray, from the pound. The cheapest gift I'd ever gotten her and she loves it, so I'm a genius, right? Then, I find out it's got this weird blood disease. Now I'm laying out six hundred dollars a month for doggie medicine for this mutt and I'm a genius, right?"

Mr. Shaw: "Don't be cynical. You did something nice, made your wife happy. Now, let's talk about what's gonna make you happy."

The man is shown and we see it's the second detective from the police station.

"Yes, each new day in suburbia brings with it a new set of lies. The worst are the ones we tell ourselves before we fall asleep."

Bree's House

"We whisper them in the dark, telling ourselves we're happy..."

Rex and Bree lie in bed. Rex is sleeping while Bree is awake. She looks over at Rex.

Lynette's House

"...or that he's happy..."

Tom and Lynette lie in bed. Tom is sleeping while Lynette is awake. She looks over at him.

John and Justin's Apartment

"...that we can change..."

Justin props himself up on his elbow in bed, staring into the darkness.

Bree's House

"...or that he will change his mind."

Danielle props herself up on her elbow in bed, staring into the darkness.

Mike's House

"We persuade ourselves we can live with our sins..."

Mike lies in bed, awake. He turns over, away from the camera.

Susan's House

"...or that we can live without him."

Susan rolls over, facing the camera, tears glistening on her face.

Outside Susan's House

The nighttime slowly fades to daybreak.

"Yes. Each night before we fall asleep we lie to ourselves in a desperate, desperate hope that, come morning, it will all be true."

"Throughout even the most respectable of neighborhoods, you can hear the sound of scandal..."

Ida Greenberg picks up a newspaper from a front walk and looks around guiltily. Then she sneaks quickly back to her own house while Bree comes out her house, holding a coffee cup.

"Some scandals announce themselves with a shout..."

Bree: "Ida! Ida Greenberg,that is not your paper!"

Cut to Tom signing a paper on a clipboard while a cable guy stands next to him.

"Some with a whisper..."

Cable Guy: "Throw me a $20, and I'll hook you up with free p0rn."

Tom glances back at the house, then looks at the cable guy.

Cut to kids toilet-papering a house. They've covered nearly the entire front of the house when a man comes outside holding a shotgun.

"And some with bang."

Man: "Get the hell off my lawn!"

He shoots the gun up into the air as the kids scatter.

Cut to Maisy Gibbons' house. Wearing sexy lingerie, she leads a gray-haired man up the stairs and into the bedroom.

"And once in a great while, there comes a scandal so deliciously sordid, its roar drowns out all other noise."

Man: "So your husband -- does he have any idea how many men pay for the privilege of sleeping in this bed?"

He hands her some money and she tucks it away into a small box by the bed.

Maisy: "There's not a lot of sleeping going on - not if I'm doing my job right. So how do you want to get started?"

He pulls out handcuffs and holds them up.

Man: "With these."

Maisy: "Well! That's going to cost you extra."

Man: "Maisy Gibbons, you're under arrest for solicitation."

Maisy: "What?"

Man: "Please turn and place your hands on the bed."

Maisy: "I'm sorry. I'm -- I'm going to have to ask you to leave. Now."

He grabs her and forces her face down on the bed, putting the handcuffs on her.

Maisy: "Hey! Aah! You get off me!"

The man leads Maisy outside, where a handful of cops wait by a couple of squad cars.

Maisy: "This is entrapment."

Man: "Right."

Maisy: "You all are making a gigantic mistake."

Man: "Yeah, yeah. Hey, fellas, here's one for your memoirs."

Maisy breaks away from him and begins running down the sidewalk. The cops chase after her and when she trips and falls on her face, they pick her up, holding her off of the ground as she screams and shouts at them. Neighbors stand around, watching.

"Yes, the scandalous arrest of Maisy Gibbons would soon prove to be the shot heard 'round the world."

One of the neighbors watching pulls out her cell phone and flips it open.

Credits

Maisy is forced into the back of a cop car and the cops get into the front seat. She stares out the window.

"It is often said that good news travels fast, but as every housewife knows, bad news moves quite a bit faster."

The woman who pulled out her cell phone earlier dials a number.

Woman: "Tisha? Hey. You are not going to believe this. Maisy Gibbons was arrested."

Tisha: "You cannot be serious."

The news travels very quickly throughout the neighborhood.

Barcliff Academy

The crossing guard walks distractedly across the street, on her cell phone.

Crossing Guard: "Maisy Gibbons running in handcuffs? I'd've killed to see that!"

She walks past Lynette's car. Lynette turns to Parker, sitting in the back seat.

Lynette: "I'll be right back."

She walks up to the front of the school, where some mothers are standing and a school official is talking to them.

Headmaster Lenz: "Ladies, please calm down, ma'am. This is just a precaution. If you'll just take a flyer..."

Lynette walks up to two other women, Tammy and Mona.

Lynette: "Hey, guys. What's going on?"

Tammy: "Oh, there's been an outbreak of head lice."

Lynette: "Head lice."

Headmaster Lenz: "These flyers detail all the important information concerning the situation, including the recommended delousing combs."

Tammy: "Delousing? Do they have to make it sound so disgusting?"

Mona: "Does anybody know where it started?"

Headmaster Lenz: "I'm sorry. That's confidential information. Barcliff maintains a strict no-blame policy."

Preston and Porter walk out of the school and Lynette waves to them.

Lynette: "Hey, guys, over here."

Mona: "I think parents have a right to know who brought this into our school."

As the boys walk toward her, they both begin scratching their heads.

Headmaster Lenz: "Please calm down, ma'am. Our position is that there's nothing to be gained by pointing fingers."

Tammy notices Lynette's intense gaze at her children and turns to see what she's looking at.

Headmaster Lenz: "To identify the child who initiated the outbreak might result in him or her being subjected to ridicule."

Tammy sees the twins scratching and turns a meaningful gaze onto Mona, who catches sight of them as well. Lynette, distracted, keeps her eyes on her boys.

Lynette: "I, um, excuse me."

Headmaster Lenz: "If you'll just take a flyer..."

Lynette: "Stop scratching. Stop scratching. Now, now, stop it. Guys, let's go, okay? Stop scratching. I mean it. Stop, stop."

Lynette: "Hey. See you later."

Tammy and Mona: "Bye."

They watch Lynette and her boys walk away from them.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is in the shower when Carlos walks into the bathroom. He sips from a cup of coffee and looks down at the sink, which is slowly filling up, from the drain, with brown-colored liquid.

Carlos: "What the hell? Gabrielle!"

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "Hey, Gabrielle! I think we got a problem here!"

Gabrielle: "I can't hear you!"

Carlos: "I said, I think we got a problem! The water's backing up here!"

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos (to himself): "Is that sewage?"

Gabrielle starts screaming from the shower.

Carlos: "Yeah, that's sewage."

Outside Gabrielle's House

Carlos and Gabrielle stand next to a large hole that Mike dug in their front yard. Mike stands in the hole.

Gabrielle: "So, uh, Mike. The suspense is killing us. Why don't you just tell us the bad news?"

Mike: "Well, your outtake pipe's completely corroded. That's why it collapsed. I'm gonna have to tear it out and repipe the whole system."

Gabrielle: "And how much is this gonna cost?"

Mike: "I'll do the job for you at cost, but you're still looking at six, seven grand, minimum."

Gabrielle looks at Carlos and he clears his throat quietly.

Gabrielle: "Okay, well, we'll let you know."

Mike: "Look, um...if money's an issue..."

Gabrielle: "Oh, no, no, no, it's not the money. It's just, uh, Carlos and I are trying to prioritize some little things we need to do around the house."

Mike: "Right. And, uh, you don't consider sewage backing up in the house a priority?"

Gabrielle: "It's definitely on the short list."

Mike: "I'm kind of surprised you called me."

Gabrielle: "Why?"

Mike: "Well, um, ever since my arrest, nobody around here seems to want to have much to do with me."

Carlos chuckles and lifts a leg slightly, showing Mike the detector that's around his ankle.

Carlos: "Innocent until proven guilty, my man."

They turn and walk back into the house.

Gabrielle: "Hope he's more innocent than you are."

Susan's House

Susan pushes the Play button on her answering machine.

Lynette's Voice: "Hey, it's Lynette. I know you're down about this Mike thing, but you got to come to poker. It'll be worth it. I got dirt on Maisy Gibbons."

The machine goes to the next message.

Mike's voice: "Hey, Susan, it's me. Look, I really wish you'd return my calls. We need to talk. I know I messed things --"

Susan pushes the Erase button, cutting him off.

Julie: "You okay?"

Susan: "Hi."

Julie: "You know, I can stay home if you want."

Susan: "No, no, no. Now, I know how much you were looking forward to this weekend with your dad. I'm fine."

Julie: "You don't look fine."

Susan: "Well...I'm a little sad. Mike and I were just a fling. And not even a full fling. Sort of a borderline fling."

Julie: "Mom, anyone can see how much you loved him."

Susan: "Well, I also loved junk food, and I gave that up, and I survived."

A horn honks from outside.

Susan: "There's your father. Go have fun."

Julie: "Last chance. You're sure?"

Susan: "I'm sure. Now go."

Julie: "You'll find someone else, mom. Someone great. I know it."

Fairview Country Club

Rex and Bree sit at a table eating lunch.

Bree: "What's wrong, Rex? Didn't you enjoy your golf game with Dr. Wallace?"

Rex: "I didn't play. I'm still feeling sluggish."

Bree: "Still? Did you talk to him about that?"

Rex: "Yeah, of course. He doesn't understand why the medication isn't working, and he wants me to come in for a checkup tomorrow."

Some women laughing at the next table cause the two of them to turn and look. Tisha walks away from that table and heads to another one.

Bree: "I can see that Tisha is making the rounds. She must have some juicy new anecdote."

Rex: "Then, get her over here. I could use a funny story today."

Bree: "Tisha. Tisha. Oh, I can tell by that look on your face you've got something good. Now, come on, don't be selfish."

Tisha: "Well, first off, you're not friends with Maisy Gibbons, are you?"

There's a short pause as Rex and Bree stare at each other before Bree turns back to Tisha.

Bree: "No."

Tisha: "Thank god, because this is too good. Maisy was arrested. While Harold was at work, she was having s*x with men in her house for money. Can you imagine?"

Bree: "No, I can't."

Tisha: "And that's not even the best part. Word is, she had a little black book with all her clients' names."

Rex: "So, uh...you think that'll get out?"

Tisha: "Of course. These things always do. Nancy, wait up. I can't wait to tell you this. Wait, wait."

She rushes off.

Bree: "Well, you heard your funny story, Rex. Why aren't you laughing?"

Lynette's House

Lynette and Tom stand over a twin, combing out any and all lice that they find. The telephone rings.

Tom: "I'll get it."

He quickly tosses a louse into a cup of water on the table and picks up the phone. One of the twins reaches for the glass.

Lynette: "Aah, aah, aah."

Tom: "Hello. Hi, Tammy, yeah."

Twin: "Can we see one of the bugs?"

Lynette: "Yeah, here. See? It's this little white thing. Look. It looks like a --"

She sees that the twin she had been working on took the tweezers and clamped them on his face.

Lynette: "Aw, jeez. (she removes the tweezers) It looks like a sesame seed."

Twin: "That's cool."

Lynette: "Yeah, well, there's lots more where that came from."

Tom: "No, I'm -- I'm so sorry. He must be so disappointed. But, look, we'll get all the boys together once Topher's back on his feet. Bye."

Lynette: "What'd Tammy want?"

Tom: "She's canceling Topher's birthday party on Sunday. He's come down with the measles, so..."

Twin: "Aww!"

Lynette: "Measles, huh?"

Tom: "Yeah. What?"

Lynette: "Tammy Brennan spent a fortune on Topher's party. She'd call in specialists from Switzerland before she'd let it be canceled."

Tom: "Okay. Why would Tammy lie to us?"

Lynette: "Because she saw Porter scratching his head at school. They all did, and now word's getting around."

Tom: "Why is everything a conspiracy theory with you? I mean, lots of kids get lice. It's not that big a deal."

Lynette: "Well, it is for the rich bee-eye-tee-see-atch's..."

Tom looks exasperated as he quickly covers the ears of the twin he's working on.

Lynette: "...at Barcliff Academy."

Tom: "Lynette."

Lynette: "It's been one day, and they've been disinvited to a birthday party. If rumors start flying, these boys can kiss campouts and pool parties goodbye."

Twin: "Uh-oh."

Lynette: "Yeah, not so cool now, huh?"

Paul's House

Edie hands Paul a folder with papers in it.

Edie: "It's all here. Appraisal, title search, and escrow documents. "

Paul: "Again, I'm sorry about changing my mind, but this just isn't really a good time to sell the house. Zach's going through a lot, and he wants to finish high school before moving."

Edie: "Ah, forget it. It's part of the business. I expect to get screwed over."

As they walk down the sidewalk towards Edie's car, she opens her briefcase.

Edie: "Now, where is your house key? Oh, I must have left it at home. I'll bring it by tonight."

Paul: "No one will be here. Zach's away on a school trip, and I'm going to Mount Pleasant on business today. Just, uh, drop it by tomorrow."

Edie: "Or I could just keep it."

Paul: "What?"

Edie: "It's a joke, Paul. I know your wife's dead and all, but it's been six months. Lighten up."

She walks to her car and Felicia comes down the sidewalk towards them.

Felicia: "Hello."

Paul: "Felicia."

Edie: "Oh, hi, Felicia."

Felicia: "Edie, I found this in my sister's things. It has your name on it."

Edie ( gasps ): "My necklace. Oh, you know...I lent this to Martha three months ago, and she said that it went down the drain. Oh, I miss how we used to steal things from one another."

Paul: "So, Felicia. I heard they have a suspect in your sister's murder. Mike Delfino."

Felicia: "Oh, he didn't kill her."

Paul: "But they found her jewelry in his garage."

Felicia: "But his fingerprints weren't on any of it."

Paul: "Well, that just means he wore gloves."

Felicia: "So, he's smart enough to use gloves, but he leaves her blood-spattered jewelry lying around for anyone to find? Please. Is that what you'd do if you killed someone?"

Paul: "I don't know what goes through the mind of a murderer. I'm just saying I wouldn't trust him if I were you."

Edie finishes putting the necklace around her neck and after a moment of staring thoughtfully at Paul, Felicia turns to her.

Felicia: "Edie...that is lovely. Is it an antique?"

Edie: "Yeah, I think so."

Felicia: "You know, I know a store you would love. It specializes in antique jewelry. It's in Salt Lake City. Have you ever been to Salt Lake City?"

Edie: "No, I try to steer clear of Utah. It's a little too...conservative for me."

Felicia: "Too bad. Have you ever been, Paul?"

Paul: "No."

Felicia: "It's lovely. I used to live there when I was a nurse. You should definitely go sometime."

She chuckles.

Felicia: "Bye."

She leaves, with Paul and Edie staring after her.

Lynette's House, bathroom

Gabrielle hurriedly brushes her teeth. A little later, she uses a washcloth to give herself a quick sponge bath on her arms and neck. After making herself look presentable, she takes the washcloth she was using and tosses it to the side.

"With no indoor plumbing, Gabrielle was now forced to improvise when it came to her personal hygiene wherever and whenever she had the opportunity."

A few minutes later, she enters Lynette's kitchen and sits down at the table, where she picks up her cards and reaches for some food in the center of the table.

Gabrielle: "Ahem. Sorry."

Edie: "That's okay. I was just about to give a Maisy Gibbons update."

Lynette: "Guys, we should be ashamed of ourselves for reveling in that woman's misery. That being said, Edie, please continue."

Edie: "Well, I hear from a very reliable source that Maisy's gonna cut a deal with the prosecution. Apparently, she has some high-profile johns, and the D.A.'s looking for a second term."

Lynette: "I don't get it. I don't get who would pay Maisy for s*x."

Gabrielle: "Obviously, someone who's not getting it at home."

Edie: "So, the upshot is Maisy is going to turn over her little black book with all of her clients' names."

Lynette: "Really."

Edie: "Yep. I mean, can you imagine the fallout when this goes public? Ooh, blood on the walls."

Gabrielle: "I'm all in."

Lynette: "I'll call. Bree? "

Bree: "Uh, what just happened?"

Lynette: "The stakes were raised."

Bree: "Yes, yes, they were. I fold."

Later, Lynette cleans up while Edie sits at the table, organizing the chips she won.

Lynette: "I can't believe how lucky you were today."

Edie: "Luck had nothing to do with it. I had crappy cards. I was bluffing the entire time."

Lynette: "Really? Wow, you're good."

Edie: "Oh, that's the only nice thing I could say about my first husband -- he taught me how to bluff."

Lynette: "He played poker?"

Edie: "No, he was lousy in bed. I had to fake a lot of orgasms. You don't have to respond."

Lynette: "Thank you."

Edie: "So, uh, where was Susan today?"

Lynette: "Um, I'm not sure."

Edie: "Wow! Tom must be great in bed."

Lynette: "Huh?"

Edie: "Well, obviously, you have no idea how to bluff."

Lynette: "Okay. She's going through something, and I'm sure she'd prefer it to be private."

Edie: "She's upset with Mike, isn't she? Well, come on. I'm gonna find out sooner or later."

Lynette: "She's devastated about the breakup, and she hasn't left the house in days."

Edie: "Well, why didn't you just tell me that?"

Lynette: "Because it's personal. It's the kind of thing she would only want me to tell her friends."

Edie: "I'm Susan's friend. Well, I don't hate her."

Lynette: "Edie, if you want me to share stuff with you, you're gonna have to start being more supportive of Susan."

Edie: "Okay. How?"

Lynette: "What do friends do? They call, they're sympathetic, they ask about the pain the other person is going through, and then they listen."

Edie: "What if you want to be supportive, but you just can't stand listening to people bitch?"

Lynette: "Then it's good to know how to bluff."

Paul's House

Paul opens up a box that has a large jumble of video tapes in it. He roots through it until he finds one labeled "Utah - Angela's Award Party." He goes to the VCR and puts the tape in. On it, Mary Alice is with a group of people at work. She hands out napkins, grinning, as they all offer congratulations to her.

Paul, watching, smiles. Mary Alice holds up a plaque to the camera that reads "Wake Forrest Employee of the Year." The camera pulls back and pans slightly to the left, where a younger-looking Felicia is standing next to Mary Alice, smiling as she looks at the plaque. Paul quickly pauses the videotape and it stops on Felicia's face as she congratulates Mary Alice.

Gabrielle's House, backyard

Sitting by the jacuzzi, Gabrielle and Carlos perform their ablutions. Carlos, wearing only pants, is shaving, using a small mirror to see himself, and Gabrielle, wearing a bikini, shaves her legs, using the jacuzzi to wash the razor.

Gabrielle: "God, I have to go to the bathroom again."

Carlos: "Go to Bree's."

Gabrielle: "I've been to Bree's twice today."

Carlos: "Then go to Susan's."

Gabrielle: "I hate Susan's. She has all these weird scented candles. Her house reeks of apricot. Hose."

Carlos turns the hose on her legs and she shrieks slightly when the water hits her.

Carlos: "How about Lynette's?"

Gabrielle: "No, you don't understand. I don't want to go to anybody's house anymore. I'm tired of knocking on doors and making up excuses as to why we haven't fixed our plumbing."

Carlos: "Why are you yelling at me?"

Gabrielle: "Because it's your fault."

Carlos: "My fault?"

Gabrielle: "Yes. If you hadn't gotten yourself indicted, we would have pipes right now."

Carlos: "I got indicted trying to make enough money to keep you happy. In case you hadn't noticed, you're a little materialistic."

Gabrielle: "Oh, I'm materialistic? When the Johnson's bought their new 7-series, you were the one who went right in and traded in his car for something better."

Carlos: "Who ended up driving it?"

Gabrielle wraps a towel around herself and then dumps a small load of laundry into the jacuzzi.

Gabrielle: "You know what? I don't have time to fight right now. I have laundry to do."

She turns on the jacuzzi so that bubbles are released into the water, swishing the clothing around. She stalks off.

Barcliff Academy

Lynette comes up to a closed nurse's office in the school. She opens the door and peeks her head in.

Lynette: "Nurse Abigail?"

Nurse Abigail: "Mrs. Scavo, right? The twins' mother?"

Lynette: "I just wanted to tell you that the boys are now lice-free."

Nurse Abigail: "Good to hear."

Lynette steps fully into the office and closes the door behind her.

Lynette: "I just can't figure out how it happened. They get a bath every night. Trust me, it's the ugliest 15 minutes of the day."

Nurse Abigail: "I believe you."

Lynette: "I keep thinking that maybe it was the petting zoo that I took them to last week. That llama was really iffy."

Nurse Abigail: "Mrs. Scavo, it doesn't work that way. Lice only spreads from human to human. Even the cleanest kid in the world can get it if he gets too close to the wrong kid."

Lynette: "Really?"

Nurse Abigail: "Yes. So don't be so hard on yourself, huh?"

Lynette: "I guess. Still, I can't help but feel a little guilty. After all, my kids started an entire lice outbreak."

Nurse Abigail: "Look, your, uh, your kids didn't start it."

Lynette: "They didn't?"

Nurse Abigail: "No. I know for a fact that patient zero was another little boy. This is his fourth time with this particular problem."

Lynette: "Oh. That is a load off my mind. Well, thank you."

She heads back towards the door, then turns around.

Lynette: "So which kid is it?"

Nurse Abigail: "I can't tell you. You know we have a no-blame policy. We have to protect the children. You understand."

Lynette: "Of course."

She turns to the door, then turns back around.

Lynette: "No, I don't. You're going to have to give me a name."

Nurse Abigail: "Mrs. Scavo --"

Lynette: "Here's the thing. Acting like parents won't assign blame is like pretending they don't keep score at pee-wee league games. It's human nature. If you don't give the moms someone to blame, they'll pick a scapegoat. I can't let my boys be the scapegoat."

Nurse Abigail: "Please don't put me in this position."

Lynette: "I'm begging you. They've already been uninvited from a birthday party, a really big birthday party with a bouncy house and a hot dog stand and a clown."

Nurse Abigail: "I wish I could help you, but --"

Lynette: "For god's sakes, there's gonna be a magician. Tammy Brennan went all out."

Nurse Abigail: "Tammy Brennan? Topher's mother?"

Lynette: "Yes."

Nurse Abigail: "Well, isn't that interesting. Have a seat."


Fairview County Prison

A buzzer sounds and Maisy Gibbons, in orange prison scrubs, is led into a room where prisoners meet with visitors.

"Meanwhile, at the Fairview County Prison, Maisy Gibbons was delighted to find out she had a visitor, but she was soon reminded one should always beware of visitors bearing gift baskets."

The visitor's door opens and a close up of a decorated gift basket being held is shown.

Maisy: "You've got to be kidding me."

Bree: "Hello, Maisy."

Wisteria Lane

Gabrielle jogs down the street. She slows when she sees a construction site, with men working, and a Port-a-Potty sitting there. She smiles.

Later, the construction workers get in their truck and leave and Gabrielle, hiding behind a large tool box, stands up. She goes over to the Port-a-Potty and pushes it off of its ramp.

Gabrielle's Backyard

A large drop cloth covers the Port-a-Potty. With Carlos watching, Gabrielle whips the cloth off to review the bathroom.

Gabrielle: "Ta-da!"

Carlos: "Stuff like this is why I love you."

He kisses her, then goes into the Port-a-Potty. As Gabrielle walks away, the red "Occupied" sign flips on.

Maisy: "So...what brings you here?"

Bree: "I need a favor."

Maisy: "I thought as much."

Bree: "I heard that there is a, um, little black book with the names of your clients in it."

Maisy: "There is."

Bree: "I was wondering if, perhaps, you could remove Rex's name from that little book."

Maisy: "Wow, that's a big favor. Those muffins better be really good."

Bree: "I have some money that I've been putting aside for emergencies. It can be all yours if you just..."

Maisy: "Keep my mouth shut?"

Bree: "Continue to be discreet."

Maisy: "Gosh. I don't know."

Bree: "I don't think it's asking that much. All you need to do is remove one little name."

Maisy: "But if I do it for you, then I have to do it for all the other wives. That wouldn't be fair, now, would it?"

Bree: "Maisy, please. I mean, we used to be good friends."

Maisy: "Ah. Where were you when Harold lost his job a year ago, huh? Did you stop by to see if there was anything that you could do? Did you bring a big basket of baked goods when you knew we couldn't even pay our bills? If you did, those displays of friendship seem to have slipped my mind."

Bree: "Maisy, I didn't mention it when you were having financial troubles because I thought it would embarrass you."

Maisy: "Yes, I would have been embarrassed, but it would have been a whole lot better than the silence."

Bree: "I have fourteen thousand dollars in that account. It can all be yours."

Maisy: "I'm not interested. But you do get credit for one thing. You came to visit me, even if it was for an ulterior motive. None of the other girls from the club even bothered. I've been abandoned. Guess that's what happens when you become the town whore."

Bree: "Oh, sweetie. They didn't abandon you because you're a whore. They abandoned you because you weren't all that nice to begin with."

She starts to leave, then stops, turns back to the table, and picks up the basket of muffins.

Susan's House

There's a knock on the door as Susan sits on her living room floor, going through decorative boxes.

Susan: "Who is it?"

Edie: "It's Edie!"

Susan: "Oh, Edie, not now. I'm kind of busy."

Edie walks into the living room.

Edie: "Hi."

Susan: "Or just come on in."

Edie: "What are you doing?"

Susan: "I decided that my life is way too complicated, and so I'm simplifying. I am getting rid of the clutter."

She puts on an orange and lace hat and turns to face Edie.

Edie: "Ooh."

Susan: "I was on vacation. Made sense at the time. Okay, not to be rude, but is there a reason you're here?"

Edie: "Look, I'm feeling badly about what you're going through with Mike. And don't worry. I'm not going to date him."

Susan: "Doesn't matter anymore."

Edie: "Well, don't get me wrong. I still have every intention of sleeping with him. Some mountains are just meant to be climbed."

Susan: "I got to learn to keep my doors locked."

Edie: "How long have you been sitting here?"

Susan: "I don't know. Five minutes, give or take three hours."

Edie: "That's it. Get up. Get dressed."

Susan: "Why?"

Edie: "Beause you're coming with me. It's time to get wasted. Happy hour started forty-five minutes ago."

Susan: "Why would I go anywhere with you?"

Edie: "Because that's what normal women do when they get depressed. They put on short skirts, they go to bars with their girlfriends, maybe have one too many and then make out with some strange man in the back of a dark alley."

Susan: "Wow."

Edie: "Oh, come on. It'll be fun, I swear. Come on. Come on."

She begins dragging Susan by the feet.

Susan: "Why do you even care?"

Edie: "I never said I cared. It's just...well, I...I guess I know what it's like to have your heart stomped on."

Susan: "Okay. All right. Give me a minute. I'll go change my clothes."

Edie: "And don't forget to do something with that skanky hair. You're a little scary-looking."

Bar

Music plays in the background as Susan and Edie sit at the bar, drinking. Edie points out a man to Susan.

Edie: "Ah. What about him?"

Susan: "Not my type."

Edie: "Oh, look, I know the pickins are slim, but isn't there someone here that you're attracted to?"

Susan: "I hate 'em all. Look at them just leering at us. They're so damn cocky, like they know they have the upper hand."

Edie: "What are you talking about? We have the upper hand. Without us, they have nothing."

Susan: "Maybe fifteen years ago. Not anymore. Now we're just lonely and desperate, and they know it, and they just sit there, ready to pounce, waiting for us to take any crumb they're willing to throw our way. I don't want crumbs. I want Mike."

She throws her head down on the bar and when the bartender comes up them, Edie hands him her glass.

Edie: "Hi. Um... I'm going to be spending the whole night with her, so I'm gonna be needing a lot more of these."

Susan: "I'm sorry. It's just so hard to find a guy like Mike. I know in my heart he didn't kill Mrs. Huber."

Edie: "Okay. Let's say Mike's a peach and he didn't kill Martha. Who did?"

Susan: "I don't know. Obviously, a bad guy. Somebody really awful, somebody like -- somebody like Paul Young."

Edie: "Paul? Are you serious?"

Susan: "I'm telling you, he's hiding something. He clams up every time we try to ask him about Mary Alice. And then when we found out about Dana..."

Edie: "Dana. Who's Dana?"

Susan: "Paul and Mary Alice had a baby that died."

Edie: "You're kidding."

Susan: "Zach killed her."

Edie: "Holy crap. Who told you that?"

Susan: "Paul. You know, he said it was an accident,but I'm telling you, I think that's why Mary Alice was being blackmailed."

Edie: "Mary Alice was being blackmailed?"

Susan: "Yeah. The girls and I found a threatening note in her stuff."

Edie: "What the hell kind of street do we live on?"

Susan: "I don't know."

Edie: "Come to think of it, the other day, Paul was talking to Felicia, and he was working overtime trying to make Mike sound guilty."

Susan: "See? Shifting blame onto someone else -- that's classic criminal behavior. Oh, I'm telling you, he's up to no good."

Edie: "Zach and Paul are out of town. Maybe we should sneak into their house and do some snooping. I have a key."

Susan: "Oh, my god, yes. We should do that."

Edie: "Oh, come on. I was just kidding."

Susan: "No, Edie, this is our chance. We should just go in for ten minutes."

Edie: "Susan, that's breaking and entering."

Susan: "Martha Huber was your best friend. If we could find out who really killed her, wouldn't that be worth the risk?"

Fairview Country Club

Rex and Bree are seated at a table at the country club. The maitre d' hands them menus.

Maitre D': "Have a nice evening."

Bree: "Thank you."

Bree looks over at the next table, where a woman is sitting down.

Bree: "Serena, hi. How are you?"

Serena waves, then turns to her husband without saying anything.

Rex: "I talked to Dr. Wallace today."

Bree: "Oh?"

Rex: "He still has no idea why the medication isn't working. He told me he's thinking of running more tests. I told him I'm thinking about getting a second opinion."

As Rex talks, Bree looks around the restaurant, noticing the stares that others are giving them.

Bree: "Rex, this might sound silly, but are people staring at us?"

Rex: "Yeah. What's going on?"

Bree: "Well, I could be wrong, but I suspect that Maisy Gibbons' client list has been released."

Some people start laughing.

Rex: "You think they're laughing at us?"

Bree: "No, I think they're laughing at you. I think they feel sorry for me, which is just as mortifying."

Rex: "What are we gonna do?"

Bree: "Oh. We're gonna act like nothing is happening, and then, when we finish eating, we're going to walk out of here with all the dignity that we can muster."

Rex: "Please, let's go now."

Bree: "Oh, no. I refuse to give them this kind of satisfaction. Open your menu."

Rex: "Everybody's staring, Bree. It's humiliating."

Bree: "Well, you should have thought of that before you left a personal check on Maisy Gibbons' nightstand."

Rex: "All right, you stay here if you want to. I'm leaving."

He stands up.

Bree: "Rex. If you walk out of this restaurant, I will scream."

Rex: "Bree --"

Bree: "I will scream about your cruelty. Then I will scream about your infidelity. And then, just to make sure it really hurts, I will scream about your distasteful sexual habits. You want to know what true humiliation is, you just take one step."

Rex looks around, then sits down.

Bree: "So, what are you having? The veal looks good."

Paul's House

Edie unlocks the house and she and Susan walk inside.

Edie: "So, what are we looking for, exactly? An embroidered pillow that says "I killed Martha Huber"?"

Susan: "I don't know. Just something suspicious."

Edie goes over to the bar, where she sniffs one of the containers of liquor.

Edie: "Mmm, smells expensive."

Susan: "Do you believe in evil, Edie?"

Edie: "Of course I believe in evil. I work in real estate."

Susan: "I'm serious. There's something about this house that's just so cold and creepy. You couldn't tell when Mary Alice was alive. She just brought so much warmth and light. Now there's something...I can just taste it. Can't you sense it?"

Edie: "The only thing I can sense is that you've had too much to drink."

Susan: "No, something happened in this house, something so awful we can't even imagine it."

There's a small crash.

Edie: "Ow! Son of a bitch."

Susan: "Are you okay?"

Edie: "Aah! I just stubbed my toe."

Susan sees the videotape that Paul had been watching earlier lying on the floor. She reads the label on it.

Susan: "Oh, my god -- Angela."

Edie: "Huh?"

Susan: "Angela -- that's what Mary Alice used to call herself."

Edie: "What are you talking about?"

Susan: "We heard it on this tape that Bree stole from her therapist's office. It's a long story. I'll tell you later. Oh, we got to put this in."

As soon as they put the tape in, they hear a large thud come from outside.

Susan: "What was that?"

Edie: "I think it's Paul."

Susan: "You said he was going to be gone."

Edie: "Well, I guess I was wrong."

They turn off the tape and quickly try to find a place to hid.

Edie: "Hurry."

Susan: "I've got to get the tape."

Edie: "Hide!"

Susan: "Oh! Oh! Oh!"

They jump behind the couch, but Susan accidentally drops the tape on the couch, where it falls behind the cushions.

Paul walks in and turns on a light. He sits on the couch and begins reading a magazine. From behind the couch, Susan mouths "What are we gonna do?" to Edie.

Edie stands up.

Edie: "Paul."

Paul: "Aah! Edie. God, you scared me."

Edie: "I'm sorry. I see that you, uh, made it back from Mount Pleasant."

Paul: "Yes. What -- what are you doing here?"

Edie: "Well, I came by to bring you your key. I was just about to leave you a note."

Paul: "You're returning my key at 11:30 at night. What the hell's going on here?"

Edie: "You're right. We're too old to be playing games."

Paul: "What?"

Edie: "My note was gonna tell you that I, uh...I-I wasn't kidding this afternoon. I really would like to keep a key to your place -- to use if the...mood strikes me."

Edie wraps her arms around Paul's neck as he tries backing away. Meanwhile, Susan tries to grab the videotape from her position behind the couch.

Paul: "You've been drinking."

He starts to turn back towards the couch, and Edie grabs him.

Edie: "Just enough to get up the courage to tell you how I feel about you."

She pushes him up against the wall and begins kissing him. Susan, on her hands and knees, looks around the couch at them and makes a face. Edie, still kissing Paul, motions to Susan to leave. Susan crawls out of the house, still on her hands and knees.

Outside, Mike puts some trash in the garbage can and sees Susan crawl out onto the street. He goes after her.

In Paul's house, Edie breaks the kiss.

Edie: "Okay, well...obviously, you're uncomfortable about this, so I-I'm really sorry if I embarrassed you. Here. Here's your key. I'll see you around."

Paul: "Edie, um... I'm not embarrassed."

Edie: "Huh?"

Paul: "If anything...I'm flattered."

He grabs her and pushes her against the wall, kissing her.

Outside, Mike catches up with Susan.

Mike: "Susan. Susan, talk to me."

Susan: "Mike, it's not a good time. I'm a little drunk and a little freaked out."

Mike: "Why haven't you returned any of my messages?"

Susan: "We're broken up. I thought I made that pretty clear."

Mike: "Oh, come on. Can't we work this out?"

Susan: "You lied to me."

Mike: "When? When did I lie to you?"

Susan: "The police showed me your rap sheet. You killed a man."

Mike: "You can't believe I'm some cold-blooded killer."

Susan: "No, of course I don't believe that, but I also didn't believe that Karl was going to cheat on me, and I didn't believe that Mary Alice was gonna kill herself. I mean, let's face it, Mike -- blind faith is not my friend."

Mike: "I was gonna tell you. There just wasn't a right moment."

Susan: "See? Now that's a lie, too, because there were plenty of right moments."

Mike: "Susan --"

Susan: "Every time we went out for pizza, you could have said, "oh, and by the way, I once killed a man." Or when you said, "hey, let's go jogging," you could have said, "well, by the way, I once killed a man." Every time we went to the movies and the hero shot the bad guy, you could have turned to me and said, "oh, and by the way, I did that once." You didn't."

Mike: "Do you want to hear what happened or not?"

Susan: "It doesn't matter, because I will never believe anything you say ever again."

He grabs her and kisses her.

Mike: "Well, at the very least, you can believe that."

He turns and walks back to his house.

Gabrielle's Backyard

Gabrielle hurries to the Port-a-Potty and tries to open the door, which is locked.

Carlos: "Occupied."

Gabrielle: "Carlos, I have to go."

Carlos: "Well, you're gonna have to wait."

Gabrielle: "Why should I have to wait? It's my port-a-potty."

Carlos: "What do you mean, it's yours?"

Gabrielle: "I'm the one who stole it."

Carlos: "Babe, I'm sorry. You're just gonna have to wait."

She kicks the Port-a-Potty and storms off.

Bree's House

Bree sits on her couch, drinking coffee. The sound of a toilet flushing is heard and Gabrielle walks into the room.

Gabrielle: "Thank you so much, Bree. Seeing your tile has really helped me make my decision. Next time I remodel, I am using limestone."

Bree: "Gabrielle, is everything okay?"

Gabrielle: "Sure. Why?"

Bree: "Well, it's just that you've been acting kind of odd lately."

Gabrielle: "In what way?"

Bree: "Well, you keep coming up with excuses to use everyone's bathroom, and then two days ago, Mr. Cowley looked into your back yard and saw you and Carlos doing your laundry in the jacuzzi."

Gabrielle: "Well, uh, there's a simple explanation for that. I, um..."

Bree: "Are you and Carlos having some sort of money trouble? Gabby, it's okay if you are."

Gabrielle: "Is that so?"

Bree: "Yes, and, and to tell you the truth, I'm a little insulted. I am a good friend. Why would you feel like you have to hide that from me?"

Gabrielle: "I don't know. Probably for the same reason you didn't tell me Rex was one of Maisy's clients."

Bree: "That is obviously different."

Gabrielle: "Why? Because it happened to you? Bree, this is how I see it -- good friends support each other after they've been humiliated. Great friends pretend nothing happened in the first place."

Bree: "Well, then, good luck on your remodel."

Gabrielle: "And please tell Rex I said hello."

Topher's Birthday Party

A big birthday party is occuring at Tammy's house when Lynette walks in with the twins, holding a present.

Lynette: "Hey, Tammy."

Tammy: "Lynette."

Lynette: "I see Topher's made a speedy recovery."

Twin: "Can we go play?"

Lynette: "Yeah, sure, boys. Have fun."

Twins: "Whoo! Let's go play in the bounce house! Let's go! Let's go! Come on!"

Tammy: "All right,you caught me. I lied. But, uh, you sure have some nerve, crashing a six-year-old's birthday party.""

Lynette: "Just so you know, I got Topher a set of bongo drums. I know you'll love them as much as he will."

At the bounce house, Mona leans in and shouts to her child.

Mona: "Charlie, come on out of there! I don't want you playing with those Scavo boys!"

Tammy: "Uh, Mona, please. I'm sure they're clean. (to Lynette) You are not ruining my party."

Tammy climbs into the bounce house.

Tammy: "All right, Porter, Preston, okay, out, out, out. Come on. Porter, Preston, let's go."

Lynette climbs in with them.

Lynette: "No, not -- not -- not quite yet. Boys, keep bouncing. That's right. Keep bouncing. Oh, by the way, I spoke to Nurse Abigail. I know who patient zero is."

Tammy: "All right, that's it, kids. Get out. Out, out, out. Go, go."

Lynette: "How could you do that?"

Tammy: "Look, this party meant everything to Topher. I couldn't risk people not showing up. He would be devastated. I had to do something."

Lynette: "And the best you could come up with was letting my kids take the fall?"

Tammy: "Hey, I hardly had to say anything. People were already suspicious.

Lynette: "Oh, please."

Tammy: "Yeah, it's true. Let's face it -- your boys aren't the cleanest kids on the planet."

Lynette: "That was not a smart thing to say."

Tammy: "Where are you going?"

Lynette: "I'm going to tell the truth to every mother out there, and then I'm gonna take back the bongos."

Tammy: "No, wait, okay, all right. Look, I wa--I was wrong. I admit it. I am really, really, really sorry."

Lynette: "Too little, too late."

Tammy: "Okay, okay. No, I'll -- I'll tell everyone that I was wrong, that your kids aren't the ones. Please, I'm begging you."

Lynette: "Well, why are you standing there? Get to it."

They leave the bounce house.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is on the porch when Bree comes up to her.

Gabrielle: "Bree, hi."

Bree: "Hi."

Gabrielle: "What's up?"

Bree: "Well, um, I've been doing some thinking. Rex and I have been members of the Fairview Country Club for years, and, well, lately, it seems to have lost some of its excluvity, and so I've decided not to renew our membership. I'd rather see the money go to someone I care about."

She hands Gabrielle an envelope. Gabrielle takes it and opens it. She pulls out a check.

Gabrielle: "Oh, Bree, I-I can't take that."

Bree: "Gabby, this is the way I see it -- good friends offer to help in a crisis. Great friends don't take no for an answer."

Gabrielle: "We're gonna pay you back every cent. I promise."

Bree: "Take your time."

She gets up and leaves.

Topher's Birthday Party

A magician does tricks for the crowd of kids, who clap and shout. Lynette watches as Topher scratches his head. She turns to look at Tammy, who returns her gaze.

"Yes, everyone loves a scandal...no matter how big or small."

Gabrielle's Backyard

Carlos goes out into the backyard to go to the Port-a-Potty. As he opens the door, his next door neighbor catches his eye over the fence separating their properties.

"After all...what could be more entertaining than watching the downfall of the high and mighty?"

Outside Bree's House

Rex opens the car door for Bree, who gets in. As he closes the door, he sees neighbors walking down the sidewalk, who give each other a look when they see him.

"What could be more amusing than the public exposure of hypocritical sinners?"

Fairview County Prison

Maisy stands in the corner of the prison room, watching from a distance as other prisoners play cards together.

"Yes, everyone loves a scandal. And if for some reason, you're not enjoying the latest one..."

Paul's House

Paul sits down on the couch. He feels something underneath him and after pushing away the pillows, finds the videotape that Susan dropped.

"...well...the next one is always around the corner."

"In the Coma Ward at Sacred Heart Hospital, the dreams begin just after midnight. The pitch black of night gives way to vivid images that comfort the dreamer until the morning."

A janitor stops cleaning the floor and stretches.

"Gus, the custodian, dreams of someday winning the lottery and quitting his thankless job."

He removes a piece of paper from his shirt pocket, kisses it, picks up his thermos, and walks off.

A security guard, sitting in a chair, pulls out a neck pillow to place on his neck.

"Howard, the security guard, envisions a luxurious retirement in the tropics."

He kicks off his shoes and closes his eyes.

A night nurse sits at a desk, looking bored. She spins something on the desk and watches it.

"Ruth Ann, the night nurse, fantasizes about leaving her husband."

As it spins, she checks her watch, picks up a pack of cigarettes and stands up to leave, leaving her wedding ring spinning on the desk.

"But the most vivid dreams of all belong to the patient in Room 312."

Inside room 312, Juanita Solis lies still in her hospital bed.

"Yes, Juanita Solis had been dreaming steadily for five months. Sometimes of the shocking secret she had uncovered."

Flashback to her taking a picture of Gabrielle and John caught in bed.

"Other times, she dreamt of the accident that had put her in the hospital."

Flashback to her running out of the Solis house and getting hit by a car.

"But her most common dream was the one in which she finally told her son the truth."

Carlos sits next to Juanita's bedside holding her hands. Juanita leans over and begins whispering to Carlos.

Juanita: "Carlos. Gabrielle..."

"And then one night...Juanita Solis decided it was time to wake up."

Juanita's eyes open suddenly and she sits up in bed.

A few minutes later, Juanita leaves her hospital room, holding onto her pole with IV fluids. She looks up and down the empty hallway.

Juanita: "Hello? Is anybody here?"

Juanita goes down the hallway, looking back and forth.

Juanita: "Hello!"

Juanita reaches the empty nurse's station and bangs on the counter.

Juanita: "I have to call my son!"

Juanita continues to run down the hallway in her stocking feet. She runs past the hallway and doesn't see the sleeping guard. She continues running and see a phone on the wall at the end of a hallway. She pulls out the intravenous tube and runs down the hallway toward the phone.

As she heads towards it, she slips on the wet floor left by the janitor. She slides straight into a stairwell, where she falls down the stairs, right near the feet of the nurse taking her cigarette break. Ruth Ann, turns, shocked.

"Even though she knew she was about to die, Juanita didn't care. The truth was finally going to come out."

Ruth Ann puts out her cigarette and runs toward Juanita. Ruth Ann kneels down and holds Juanita's head.

Juanita: "Tell my son his wife is cheating on him."

Ruth Ann: "Oh my God!"

Juanita dies.

"Sadly for Juanita, this was one dream that would never come true."

Ruth Ann pulls earphones from her ears. Music is blasting from the earphones.

Credits

Susan's House

At Susan's kitchen table, there are illustrated drawings knights and dragons.

"We all honor heroes for different reasons. Sometimes for their bravery, sometimes for their daring, sometimes for their goodness, but mostly we honor heroes because at one point or another we all dream of being rescued."

Susan goes to the coffeemaker by the sink and pours herself a cup. She looks through the kitchen window and sees Mike walking up to the door.

He knocks on the door.

Mike: "Susan, I know you're in there. We have to talk."

Susan opens door and faces Mike.

Mike: "This is crazy."

Susan: "I know."

Mike grabs Susan and they kiss.

Cut to Susan standing at the kitchen window again, daydreaming.

Susan again opens the door and faces Mike.

Mike: "Everything the cop said to you is true. I did kill someone. But there's one thing they didn't tell you. I killed for you, Susan."

Susan grabs Mike and kisses him.

Cut to Susan standing at the kitchen window again, daydreaming.

Susan opens the door and faces Mike. He pulls out a gun and aims at her.

Mike: "Susan, if I can't have you, no one else can."

Susan knocks the gun out of Mike's hand.

Susan: "Shut up."

Susan grabs Mike and kisses him. The coffee cup she is holding falls and breaks.

Cut to Susan standing at the kitchen window again, daydreaming. She looks down at the unbroken cup in her hand. She sees Mike walking toward the door, and then he knocks.

Susan drops to the floor and crawls to the door.

Mike: "Susan, are you home? Susan, your car is here. I know you're in there. I was hoping we could talk for a minute."

Susan whimpers and leans against the door. Mike slides a letter under the door. Susan pulls it in.

Mike: "Susan, maybe you should have waited until I left to do that. All right, look, I know you don't want to see me right now, but I owe you an explanation and it's all in there, all of it. Everything you ever wanted to know about my past, about my reasons for doing what I did. It's all there."

Susan stands up and looks out the door in time to watch Mike walk away.

School Parking Lot

A car sits in the parking lot. Its interior is filled with smoke. A school security guard knocks on window. A window rolls down and smoke pours out.

Andrew: "Hey!"

Security Guard: "Guys come on. What are you doing?"

Andrew: "Ah, you know, just bonding. Discussing current events."

Security Guard: "Hey, seriously, listen, if you guys would have just parked across the street I could have let you go."

Andrew: "Why don't you pretend like we did?"

Andrew's friends laugh.

Security Guard: "Get out of the car."

Instead, Andrew starts pulling away.

Security Guard: "Hey, hey, hey! Stop the car!"

He holds onto the window and as the car speeds up, he trips and rolls on the ground as the car leaves.

Bree's House

Rex: "I can't believe it. Two months from graduation and he gets expelled."

Bree: "You know we are just lucky that that security guard did not press charges."

Rex: "So what are we gonna do?"

Bree: "Well, glad that you asked."

Bree pulls out some pamphlets from a drawer and lays them out.

Rex: "What are these?"

Bree: "They're brochures for youth detention centers."

Rex: "How long have you had these?"

Bree: "They've been in the drawer for a few months. I had a feeling we might be needing them."

Rex: "Bree, I don't know."

Bree: "We have to admit that we need help. If we can't get through to Andrew then we have to find someone who can."

Rex: "You really want to send our son away to some prison camp?"

Bree: "Oh come on, don't be so dramatic. Some of these places actually look fun. Look. Camp Hennessey." (reading) "Camp Hennessey teaches kids respect for authority and boundaries in a summer camp-like atmosphere."

Bree holds up the brochure for Rex to see. Rex grabs the brochure.

Rex: "The perimeter is surrounded by an electrified fence."

Bree: "Well, you have to admit that's an efficient way to teach respect for boundaries. Okay, how about this one. It's perfect for Andrew. It's a ranch in Montana. It has lots of fresh air and plenty of open spaces and daily classes in anger management."

Rex: "I'm, I'm not comfortable with this."

Bree: "All right, what about this one. It's in the desert and it's very reasonable. Barracks are a little bit bleak, but that recidivism rate is to die for!"

Rex: "Bree, I'm not doing it. I'm not sending my son away."

Bree: "It's easy for you, isn't it? You're not the one he's openly rude to. You're not the one he challenges every day. You're not the one he hates."

Rex: "I'll talk to him, all right? I'll sit him down for a little old-fashioned heart to heart."

Bree: "You talk to him all you want. I'm gonna check out the place with the electrified fence."

Barcliff Academy

Five children, including Porter and Preston, dressed in colonial costume, stand on a small stage, reciting lines.

Twin: "Listen, my children and you shall hear of the midnight ride of Paul Revere."

Lynette proudly smiles as she watches her sons recite. She turns to see, in the audience, a mother and young daughter signing to each other.

Twin: "In the lantern is turned off in the belfry arch of the North church tower. One if by land, two if by sea, and I on the opposite shore will be."

The parents applaud. Lynette smiles proudly as she applauds.

Lynette, pushing a stroller, approaches the little girl and woman who had been signing.

Lynette: "Um, hi. I, I wanted to introduce myself to your Mom. I'm Lynette Scavo."

Alisa Stevens: "Have we met? I'm Alisa Stevens."

Lynette: "Oh, I'm sorry! I thought..."

Alisa: "I read lips."

Lynette: "Oh."

Alisa starts signing and her daughter begins translating for her.

Lily (translating): "But a lot of the time, signing is much easier. I don't like to misunderstand or be misunderstood."

Lily turns toward Lynette and offers her hand.

Lily: "And I'm Lily."

Lynette: "Oh hi. Nice to meet you, Lily."

A young boy in a horse costume runs by.

Matt: "Hi, mom."

Alisa: "That's my son, Matt."

Lynette: "My twins talk about Matt all the time. We should set up a play date."

Alisa: "That sounds great. Let's have dinner, too."

Lynette: "I'd love to."

Lynette turns toward her boys as she hears them yelling. They are holding Matt's horse's tale, whipping it and yelling. Matt is trying to run away.

Twins: "The British are coming! The British are coming. Giddy up! Giddy up! Giddy up."

Matt:"No, no, no."

Lynette turns back toward Alisa.

Lynette: "Even better, let's just keep it adults."

Gabrielle's House.

Gabrielle is sitting on the couch reading the paper. Carlos comes in the front door.

Carlos: "Babe, they blinked! We got 'em by the short hairs!"

Carlos grabs Gabrielle's hand and pulls her up.

Gabrielle: "Who? Who blinked?"

Carlos picks Gabrielle up and she shrieks.

Carlos: "I just spoke to the lawyers. They offered a plea bargain."

Gabrielle: "And that's - good?"

Carlos: "It means they know they got a weak case. They don't think they can win. It's over."

Gabrielle: "Oh my god! Honey, that means we can keep the house!"

Carlos: "No. We still have to sell the house. I gotta pay the lawyers."

Gabrielle: "But I thought you said they offered a plea bargain."

Carlos: "Yeah, but we're not gonna take that."

Gabrielle: "Put me down."

Carlos puts Gabrielle down.

Carlos: "Honey, it would mean me going to jail for eight months."

Gabrielle: "I think that's pretty reasonable considering you're guilty as sin!"

Carlos: "You said that you were fine with selling the house."

Gabrielle: "That was before I knew we could trade a couple months in prison to keep it!"

The phone rings. Gabrielle goes over to answer it.

Gabrielle: "What? No, this is her daughter-in-law."

Carlos: "Is it the hospital? Is it Mama?"

Gabrielle turns away from Carlos.

Gabrielle: "Ah, thank you, yes."

She hangs up.

Carlos: "Gabby?"

Gabrielle: "I'm sorry, Carlos."

She puts her arms around him and hugs him close. As she holds him, she smiles.

Gabrielle's House

Pamphlets for crypts, caskets, and flowers are spread all over the coffee table.

"Some believe people are judged by the way they live life, and others by the way they leave it."

Carlos: "I like the Lexington mahogany with gold leaf. It comes with a pink velvet interior and drapes. Plus it's hand-engraved so in case of a flood or earthquake, they'll at least be able to know which one is hers."

Gabrielle: "Don't you think that's a little over the top?"

Carlos: "I want the best for Mama."

Gabrielle: "No, honey, these funeral homes make a fortune trying to convince people to overspend."

Carlos: "What are you saying?"

Gabrielle: "Well, I'm saying your mother was a sensible woman. She wouldn't be comfortable with all these bells and whistles. Maybe this one. Wood veneer!"

Carlos closes his eyes and shakes his head.

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "You never liked Mama."

Gabrielle: "Well, it's awfully hard to like someone who actively hates your guts. She always thought you married beneath you and she let me know it."

Carlos: "She loved you."

Gabrielle: "She treated me like trash!" (crosses herself) "God rest her soul."

Carlos: "I'm putting my mother in the grave. Now is not the time to pinch pennies."

Gabrielle: "Carlos, we're not exactly flush with cash right now. Let her be true to her roots. She was born humble and barefoot."

Carlos: "She was a queen."

He walks away.

Susan's House - Outside

Susan holds the sealed letter marked "Susan" that Mike had put under her door. Sitting around her are Lynette, Edie, and Bree.

Lynette: "So what did Mike say when he gave you the letter?"

Susan: "That it explains everything."

Bree: "Well, does it?"

Susan: "I haven't read it."

Edie: "Well, why the hell not?"

Susan: "I just can't."

Lynette: "You're a better woman than me. I would have ripped that open with my teeth. Aren't you dying to know what he wrote?"

Susan: "Yes. What if it just a bunch of far-fetched stories."

Bree: "Well, you should assume that it is."

Lynette: "Why?"

Bree: "Well, think about how good men are at lying on the spot. I mean, God forbid, you should give them time and a pen!"

Lynette and Edie laugh.

A car drives up on the street behind them and honks. The sign on the door of the car reads "General Contractors." A handsome man calls out to Edie.

Bill: "Hey Edie, you mind stopping by the site later? I have blueprints of the master bath."

Edie: "Oh. I'll see you in a few, Bill."

Susan turns and looks at Bill. Bill nods and smiles at Susan as he drives away.

Edie: "That's my new contractor. We're sort of dating."

Lynette: "Didn't you once say you never mix business with pleasure?"

Edie: "No, I said never mix pleasure with commitment."

Lynette (laughing): "Right."

Bree: "So, Susan, what are you gonna do with the letter?"

Edie: "And for pete's sake, would you open it up already?"

Susan begins to open the letter, then stops.

Susan: "No, no, I won't. I don't trust Mike anymore. And without trust...no, no. I'm just gonna go in and rip it up and throw it in the trash."

Susan begins walking toward her house. Lynette grabs the letter and acts like she's going to rip it up.

Lynette: "Why wait, why don't we just rip it up now."

Susan grabs the letter back.

Susan: "No, no no. That's okay, I don't wanna, you know, litter."

She runs inside her house. The other women watch her go.

Lynette: "She is so opening that letter."

Sacred Heart Hospital

Gabrielle walks down the hallway.

"While Carlos was making arrangements to bury his mother, Gabrielle was making sure she'd be taking her secret to the grave."

Gabrielle reaches the nurse's station. As she looks at the nurse behind the counter, a man in a business suit walks up to a room behind Gabrielle, and enters it, but makes sure to keep the door cracked open so he can eavesdrop.

Gabrielle: "Hi, I'm Gabrielle Solis. You're Nurse Heissel?"

Nurse Ruth Ann Heissel: "Yes, Hi. Um, when you called and said you were coming down I collected all the personal things that your husband brought in during Juanita's stay with us."

Nurse Heissel puts a cardboard box on the counter.

Nurse Heissel: "I assume that that's why you were stopping by."

Gabrielle: "Oh, that's so thoughtful of you, but actually no."

Nurse Heissel: "No?"

The man behind the door continues to watch.

Gabrielle: "No, you see my husband and I still don't have a clear account as to how Juanita passed."

Nurse Heissel: "How?"

Gabrielle: "Yes, did she die quietly in her sleep?"

Nurse Heissel and the man in the doorway nod as if agreeing with what Gabrielle is saying.

Nurse Heissel: "Oh yeah, that's usually how it happens. I mean, I'm pretty sure that that's how it happened."

Gabrielle: "Pretty sure?"

Nurse Heissel: "I mean, I don't know exactly cause I wasn't with her at that time."

Gabrielle: "Uh huh. Was anyone with her? An orderly, candy striper, anyone?"

The man still watches them.

Nurse Heissel: "No. She was alone."

The man closes his eyes and bows his head.

Gabrielle: "Thank you so much. That's all I needed to hear."

Gabrielle walks away. As she passes by the room the man is in, he quickly closes the door. Nurse Heissel picks up the cardboard box.

Nurse Heissel: "Mrs. Solis!"

Gabrielle: "Oh, you can just toss that!"

Susan's House - Outside

Susan comes out with purse and keys. She looks at her car and sees that she has a flat tire.

Susan: "Great, just great!"

She stoops down to look at the tire and pulls out a long nail. She hears construction work going on at Edie's house and looks that way.

Susan walks over to the construction lot. She sees the man, Bill, who had been in the general contractors truck and walks up to him, nail in hand.

Susan: "I think this is yours."

She hands Bill the nail.

Bill: "Yeah. Yeah, I've been looking for this one. Thanks."

Susan: "I don't suppose you have any idea where I found it?"

Bill: "Well, these little suckers are drawn to bare feet and car tires and since you're not limping or bleeding..."

They smile at each other.

At Susan's car, Bill has a compressor filling Susan's tire.

Bill: "This is only temporary. You're going to need to take this tire in to get it fixed."

Susan: "Thanks, I will."

Bill: "Seriously. It's not safe. You're probably only going to get 20, 30 miles out of it."

Susan: "All right, I promise."

Bill: "Hey listen, I'm about to break for lunch. How would you like to join me?"

Susan: "Lunch?"

Bill: "Yeah. Lunch."

Susan: "Are you asking me out on a date?"

Bill: "That sounds kind of formal for a burrito and a can of soda but, yeah, I guess I am."

Susan: "Aren't you dating Edie?"

Bill: "We went out on a date, we're not dating."

Susan: "Oh."

Bill: "So how about it? I'm buying."

Susan: "Yeah. I just got out of this relationship with this guy, Mike, and it's kind of complicated. Anyway, I'm just not even sure where I am right now emotionally, I'm just all jumbled up and I don't think I could leap right into something new, relationship wise, you know, at the moment."

Bill: "Again. Just a burrito."

Susan: "Sorry."

Bill: "Okay, I understand. Sounds like you need a little time to reflect and heal."

Susan: "I do. I really do."

Bill: "Okay. I'll check back with you again tomorrow."

Lynette's House

Tom, Lynette, Alisa and her husband, Dennis, are having dinner. Alisa is signing and her husband it translating.

Dennis (translating Alisa's signing): "This is so delicious. I don't know how you find the time with four kids."

Lynette: "Only for first time guests. Normally you'd be having, um, chicken fingers and cartoon shaped macaroni."

Tom: "If that."

Lynette: "Hey. Shut up."

Alisa: "Tom, you're in advertising, right?"

Tom: "Uh hm."

Alisa: "I worked five years at Simon and Scott."

Tom: "Well, I started at Simon and Scott. I hated those guys."

Everyone laughs.

Alisa: "But we have to talk."

Tom: "Yes. Who do you know? Do you know who's there now?"

Tom scoots his chair closer to Alisa's and Dennis turns to Lynette.

Dennis: "Well, it's all over now. They'll be talking shop for the rest of the night. Alisa loves talking about Alisa."

Lynette: "Well, Lynette loves talking about Lynette, too."

Dennis: "Oh I don't believe that for a second. You and your husband seem pretty solid."

Tom and Alisa can be seen and heard talking in the background.

Dennis: "We're going through some tough stuff. We're in counseling."

Tom (in the background): "They're nice people."

Lynette ( uncomfortably ): "Oh really? More steak?"

Dennis: "It was her idea. It's not the most pleasant way to spend an hour. Basically, I look at the clock and she blames me for everything."

Lynette: "I don't think we should be talking about Alisa with her, so..."

She gestures over at Alisa.

Dennis: "It's okay, it's not like she can hear. Maybe I'll have some more of that potato stuff."

A shocked Lynette stares at Dennis.

Later, Tom and Lynette clear the dishes.

Tom: "He actually said those things with her just sitting right there?"

Lynette: "It was really nasty and he wouldn't shut up either."

Tom (disgusted): "Ahhh."

Lynette: "I can't believe you said we'd play tennis with them."

Tom: "Honey that was before I knew that he was a jerk. She was great. Look what she taught me."

Tom signs "I Love You."

Tom: "Means I love you."

Lynette: "Yeah, that's great. What am I gonna do?"

Tom: "What do you mean?"

Lynette: "Well, obviously she needs to be told."

Tom: "Wha-no, no, no, she doesn't. This is between Dennis and Alisa."

Lynette: "How can I ignore this? And I quote, 'It's not like she can hear.'"

Tom: "Lynette you're starting to ring up into that whole meddling thing that you do."

Lynette: "Excuse me!"

Tom: "Let me just handle it. Let's avoid a big thing."

Lynette: "Are you saying I can't be tactful?"

Tom: "No. If he says something when we play tennis, I will take him aside man to man and say that's not cool."

Lynette: "Are you saying I'm not tactful?"

Tom looks as though he does not know what to say so instead he signs "I love you" to Lynette. She grabs his finger and pushes him back.

Tom: "Ow, ow, ow, owww."


Bree's House

Andrew lies on his bed watching TV. Bree walks in with a laundry basket.

Bree: "Andrew, I need you to take out the trash."

Andrew: "Sure."

Bree: "Now, not five hours from now."

With a long-suffering sigh, he sits up.

Andrew: "I'm going, I'm going. God! Um, I'm meeting Justin at the mall tonight so I'm gonna need forty bucks."

Bree: "No!"

Andrew: "What?"

Bree: "You no longer get an allowance."

Andrew: "Fine. I'm not taking out the trash."

Bree ( exasperated ): "Andrew."

Andrew: "What are you gonna do, torture me? Go ahead, I can take it."

Bree approaches Andrew who is sitting on the bed.

Bree: "What I want, what I have always wanted is for you to be happy. And you're not. And I have no idea how to help you."

Rex walking by the room, stops in the doorway.

Andrew: "Well, you can start by getting out of the way."

Bree: "I will not. We're gonna talk about this now."

Andrew: "I said get out of the way!"

He kicks at her, pushing her with his leg. Bree stumbles, almost falling. Rex runs into the room and grabs Andrew by the arms and pulls him up and slams him against the wall.

Rex: "The next time you touch your mother like that, I'm gonna throw you through this wall! You understand me?"

Andrew has a frightened look on his face. Rex leaves the room glancing at Bree to make sure she is okay. Bree grabs the laundry basket and walks to the door. She turns to look at Andrew who looks like he's about to start crying. Bree turns away and walks out.

Susan's House

Susan sits on the bench in her front yard, drawing. Edie jogs by.

Susan: "Oh, Edie. Wait up, I, I want to ask you something."

Edie continues to run, so Susan follows her.

Edie: "Can't stop, gotta keep my heart rate up."

Susan: "I was just wondering how you'd feel if I went out with Bill."

Edie stops running.

Edie: "What?"

Susan: "Um. Bill asked me out."

Edie: "Bill? My Bill?"

Susan: "Well see that's the thing, he doesn't think of himself as "your Bill" cause he said that date was just a one time thing. Which I know because when he asked me out, I told him I thought you guys were involved."

Edie: "So, you haven't agreed to go out with him?"

Susan: "No. No, I wanted to check with you first."

Edie: "Wow. That was nice of you."

Susan: "So can I?"

Edie: "No."

Edie takes off jogging again. Susan runs after her.

Susan: "Edie! Edie, why can't I go out with him?"

Edie stops jogging again.

Edie: "Because I saw him first."

Susan: "Come on, that's a really 3rd-grade thing to say."

Edie: "Look, you asked my permission, I said no. That should be the end of it!"

Edie takes off jogging again. Susan yells after her.

Susan: "Well, you know, technically, I don't need your permission!"

Edie stops jogging and turns to face Susan.

Edie: "You know, I so much want to like you but you just won't let me."

Susan: "Edie."

Edie: "Susan, you know I try. I try to look past your flaws, your klutziness, that, that faux vulnerability, your hair, but you look for ways to push my buttons."

Susan: "He just wants to buy me a burrito."

Edie: "Susan, please. Let me like you."

Susan: "Okay, I won't go out with him. I mean obviously you have feeling for him."

Edie: "No, I don't. I really don't."

Susan: "So what then? If you can't have him, nobody can?"

Edie: "See? Now you're thinking like a friend."

Edie turns and jogs away leaving Susan with a dumbfounded look on her face.

Cemetary

A singer in black, holding a single rose, sings Ave Maria as she leads a procession of black-clad mourners for Juanita Solis.

Lynette walks with Bree.

Lynette: "What a voice."

Bree: "You have to hand it to Gabby and Carlos. They do grieve better than anyone."

A white horse pulling a carriage containing Juanita Solis' casket is leading the procession. Carlos and Gabrielle are near the front of the group.

Gabrielle: "So, how much did that horse and buggy set us back?"

Carlos: "Do you mind?"

Gabrielle: "Being poor? A little."

The priest turns to look at Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "Eyes front, Padre."

In the group of mourners, Susan and Julie walk together.

Susan: "I can't believe Edie. She doesn't have dibs on every man on the planet. If I want to go out with Bill I should be able to."

Julie: "I thought you weren't even into him."

Susan: "Well, neither is she. And if she's not into him, why can't I not be into him."

Julie: "I'm gonna mourn now."

The procession begins to slow donw.

Gabrielle: "What's going on? Why are we slowing down?"

Carlos: "'Cause we're almost there."

Gabrielle looks straight ahead and sees them heading towards a very large crypt.

Gabrielle: "What is that?"

Carlos: "The family who owned it couldn't afford the maintenance payment. I got an amazing deal."

Gabrielle: "A crypt? You bought your mother a crypt?"

Carlos: "Keep quiet. You're making a scene!"

Gabrielle: "Oh that's it. I cannot be a part of this! I can't do it!"

Gabrielle pushes the program into Carlos' hand and walks away. Carlos follows her.

Carlos: "Gabrielle!"

After a second hesitation, the group of people begins following Carlos and Gabrielle off the path.

Carlos: "Stop acting like a child!"

Lynette and Bree stop walking.

Lynette: "Are, are we supposed to be following them?"

Bree: "I don't know. I mean, maybe it's part of the ritual."

Gabrielle: "Go to hell, Carlos!"

Bree's mouth drops open. She turns to Lynette and hands her the rose she had been holding. She then calls out to the group who had followed Carlos and Gabrielle.

Bree: "All right, people. We're going to follow the body. This way please."

She claps her hands to get their attention.

Bree: "Come along."

Everyone starts to follow Bree.

Away from the crowd, Gabrielle turns to Carlos.

Gabrielle: "This is too much. The only reason I agreed to give up the house is because I thought I was gonna get a gorgeous little apartment. Now, I'm not even going to get that!"

Carlos: "What do you want me to do?"

Gabrielle: "Take the plea!"

Carlos: "What?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah! You did the crime, why should I have to pay the price? Just suck it up, be a man, and do the time."

Carlos: "Gabrielle, you're being ridiculous!"

Gabrielle: "Am I? All I want is the same respect that you gave your dead mother."

Carlos: "Gabby, please just-"

Gabrielle: "At least she's gonna have a roof over her head."

She storms off, leaving Carlos shaking his head.

Country Club Tennis Court

Alisa, Dennis, Tom, and Lynette play tennis. Alisa serves.

Alisa: "Fifteen all."

Alisa serves and Tom hits it back just in the line.

Alisa: "Oh, was that in?"

Tom: "Nice try."

Tom and Lynette laugh. Alisa goes to get the ball.

Dennis: "God Alisa, you're deaf, not blind."

Lynette and Tom are visibly shocked by Dennis' words.

Tom: "It was a close call."

Lynette: "That's telling him."

Tom: "Waiting for my moment."

Dennis: "If you think her tennis stinks you should try her cooking."

Tom and Lynette glance at each other.

Alisa: "Fifteen-thirty."

Alisa serves. Lynette hits it back nearly hitting Dennis. He drops.

Lynette: "Sorry. I should have mentioned that my tennis is much better than my cooking."

Later, everyone approaches the net. Lynette and Alisa pat hands.

Lynette: "That was fun. You play really well."

Alisa: "Thank you."

Dennis: "Give me a break, she serves underhand, for god sake."

Lynette and Tom see that Alisa did not hear that comment. Lynette stares at Tom silently asking him to say something. Tom doesn't nothing.

Lynette: "What's your problem?"

Dennis: "Excuse me?"

Alisa looks up. Tom rushes over to her.

Tom: "Hey, do have any bottled water over there because, uh, my electrolytes get all wacky when I sweat."

Tom walks over to Alisa, blocking her view.

Lynette: "She's your wife. How can you talk about her like that?"

Dennis: "Let me tell you what Saint Alisa is saying with that phony smile plastered on her face." (signing and talking) "'Move your ass, Dennis. Nice love handles, Dennis. Try switching your deodorant, Dennis.'"

Lynette: "All right, enough. If you've got issues with your wife, tell her."

Dennis: "We're in counseling."

Lynette: "Yeah, well it's not working too well if you have to unload on a perfect stranger, is it? If you're unhappy in your marriage, do something, instead of just complaining, 'cause frankly, I don't want to hear it!"

Alisa: "Hey! Let's trade partners."

Lynette: "Great."

Tom hands Lynette a bottle of water.

Lynette: "Thanks." (to Alisa) "I'll play with you."

Susan's House

Susan comes out the door and sees Bill filling her front tire again.

Susan: "Hey!"

Bill: "Hey. You did not take this in. This should hold but you gotta take it in."

Susan: "Thank you. I know, I'm going to. It's on the top of my list."

Bill: "Whew! That was hard work."

Susan: "Would you like a glass of water and maybe an excuse to come in and talk to me?"

Bill: "Sounds great."

In Susan's kitchen, she fills a glass of water from the tap.

Bill: "So, it's tomorrow. I told you I'd check back in on that date."

Susan: "Bill, um, I have my reasons."

Susan gets ice cubes from the freezer and hands the glass to Bill.

Bill: "Am I hideous?"

Susan: "Oh, God, no. No! You are just so incredibly not hideous."

Bill: "Thank you. I think."

Susan: "See now. Maybe it's the word "date" that's throwing me off."

Bill: "Look. I just want to have some fun. You know dinner, drinks. No strings attached."

Susan smiles. She looks at her refrigerator which has Mike's unopened letter clipped to it.

Susan: "Okay, I'll go out with you."

Bill: "Great. I know this little place out of the way. You're gonna love it."

Gabrielle's House

Carlos sits at the table, writing. Gabrielle walks up to him.

Gabrielle: "Whatcha doing?"

Carlos: "Making an emergency list for you so you'll know who to call in case the roof leaks or the power goes out..."

Gabrielle: "Why?"

Carlos: "I'm taking the plea bargain. So you can keep the house. When I buried my mother, I did it with respect and I don't regret a single penny. But I'm the one that got us into the position that we're in, and the moment I did, I stopped respecting you."

Carlos hands Gabrielle the list.

Carlos: "And that's not right."

Gabrielle: "You are so brave."

Carlos: "It's not without strings. I need you to promise me that you're gonna be here when I get out."

Gabrielle: "Well, that's a ridiculous thing to say. I'm not going anywhere."

Carlos: "And I need you to promise me that you'll be faithful while I'm gone."

Gabrielle: "Yeah. Of course."

Carlos: "Gabrielle, I'm no fool. You're a beautiful woman and I understand that you have needs. But I'm a very jealous and possessive man, and I need to hear you say it."

Gabrielle: "I promise."

Carlos: "Okay then. Tomorrow morning, we'll so and see the lawyers."

Gabrielle: "I love you."

Gabrielle gets up and sits on Carlos' lap.

Carlos: "I love you, too."

They kiss, then hug.

Carlos: "And just so you know, I'm gonna hold you to that promise."

Gabrielle looks worried.

Bree's House

While it's still dark outside, Andrew sleeps in his bed. Bree quietly shakes him and Rex turns on the light. Andrew wakes up and sees his mother and father standing over him.

Andrew: "What's going on? Did Grandma die?"

Rex: "Uh, no, she's fine. Listen, Andrew..."

Bree sits on bed next to Andrew.

Bree: "Sweetheart, it's been clear to us for sometime now that you've been unhappy. All this acting out..."

Rex: "The pot smoking, the violence."

Bree: "It just isn't you. And we feel that you need to spend some quality time thinking about the goals in your life and what kind of person you want to be."

Andrew: "What the hell are you talking about?"

Bree: "There's this place called Camp Hennessey. It's designed for teenagers like yourself who have lost their way and..."

Andrew: "You gotta be kidding me."

Rex: "They, they emphasize discipline and responsibility. Two things you're sorely in need of."

Bree: "Hopefully, you won't have to be there for more than a few weeks."

Andrew: "You can stop this now. I'm, I'm not going to any stupid camp for juvenile delinquents."

Rex walks to the door and Andrew lies back down, turning his back to his mother.

Rex: "We're ready."

Bree: "Sorry, honey but you don't have a choice."

Two tall, muscular men walk into the room. Andrew looks at them and then at his mother. Andrew jumps out of bed and tries to run past everyone. The men grab him.

Rex: "Son!"

Andrew: "Get your hands off of me!"

Rex: "Andrew, Andrew, it's no use fighting. Now, these gentlemen are going to help you get dressed and then they're gonna drive you to the camp."

Men: "We can take it from here."

Andrew: "Wait, wait. Mom, mom, wait, please, I'm sorry, mom. Please."

Bree approaches Andrew.

Bree: "Honey it's going to be okay, I promise."

Andrew spits in her face.

Andrew: "I know this was your idea."

Rex charges at Andrew, who's still being held by the two men.

Rex: "Why you little..."

Bree pulls Rex off.

Bree: "Stop it. Honey, no matter what you say or do, I will always love you."

Andrew pulls away from her.

Man: "Let's go, come on."

Bree and Rex turn to leave the room while Andrew stares after them.

Later, in the dining room, Rex sits at the table, drinking coffee. Bree comes up behind him and hugs him

Rex: "What's that for?"

Bree: "For being here. For standing by me through this."

She sits down next to Rex.

Bree: "You don't know what it means to me, Rex. It's been a long time since I felt I had a real partner. And it really helps, especially on a horrible morning like this."

Rex reaches out and covers her hand with his. Bree puts her other hand over Rex's.

Barcliff Academy

Lynette is fixing the twins backpacks in the hallway when Alisa approaches her.

Lynette: "Hey Alisa, hey Lily, how are you guys?"

Alisa: "May I speak to you please?"

Lynette: "Um, sure. Here. Stay right there."

Twin: "Yes, Mom."

Alisa signs to Lily to stay there as well and the two mothers go into an empty classroom.

Lynette: "So, how are you?"

Alisa: "Dennis left me."

Lynette: "What?"

Alisa: "Dennis left me!"

Lynette: "Why?"

Alisa: "You told him to. You moron!"

Lynette: "I'm sorry, what?"

Alisa: "You talked to my husband about my marriage and it's none of your business!"

Lynette: "I'm sorry but I can't understand you. You're gonna have to talk slower."

Alisa turns, frustrated, toward the door. She goes over and pulls Lily in. She signs something to her daughter then begins signing to Lynette.

Lily (translating): "Dennis said you yelled at him for saying stuff behind my back."

Lynette: "Well, yeah!"

Lily (translating): "And he said you told him our counseling wasn't working."

Lynette: "Yes, that's not exactly what I..."

Lily (translating): "Where the hell do you come off telling people to stop going to counseling?"

Lynette: "I didn't mean that you..."

Lily (translating): "Sure, we have our share of problems. Financial, emotional, sexual..."

Lynette turns to Lily briefly as she translates.

Lily (translating): "...but we were solving them."

Lynette: "Alisa, come here."

She pulls Alisa aside.

Lynette: "Are you sure you want to be saying these things in front of your daughter?"

As she talks, Lynette holds up her purse so Lily can't see what she is saying.

Alisa: "Now, you're telling me how to raise my daughter?"

Lynette: "Lily, we're coming back."

Lynette walks back over to Lily and Alisa follows.

Lynette: "Alisa, I am so sorry if I caused a problem. I just wanted to help."

Alisa: "Why? Why did you want to help?"

Lynette: "Well, because..."

Alisa: "Because I am deaf?"

Lynette: "No, because your husband was being a total jerk!"

Alisa begins signing.

Lily (translating): "You just gotta come in on your white horse and come to the rescue. Well, guess what? I didn't need to be rescued, got that? I didn't need to be rescued!"

Alisa and Lily walk to the door. Alisa turns back to Lynette.

Alisa: "Bitch!"

Lily: "Ah, she said..."

Lynette: "Yes, thank you. I know what she just said."

Alisa grabs Lily's arm and storms out.

Restaurant

Susan and Bill sit at a table in a restaurant.

Susan: "I mean, one minute we're making out in his truck and the next thing I know, we're at the hospital and the doctor's digging a bullet out of him. It's just that when I started dating Mike, he seemed like such a normal guy, you know?"

Bill: "They always do. You wanna get some nachos?"

Susan: "I mean obviously I am not going to read the letter. At some point you just gotta let it go, right?"

Bill: "Right. You mind if we leave off the jalapeos? I'm not so good with spicy things."

Susan: "I don't mean to be babbling. It's just really complicated and there is so much about Mike you don't even know."

Bill: "That would surprise me at this point."

Susan looks up and sees Edie storming over to their table.

Bill: "Edie."

Edie: "Your foreman said that you were out on a date with a hottie. Evidently, someone's in need of Lasik."

Susan: "You tracked us down?"

Edie: "Oh, well, it wasn't hard. I just followed the stench of betrayal. We had an agreement, Susan."

Susan: "No, we didn't. You know I just said what you wanted to hear because you guilted me into it."

Edie: "I was trying to protect our already fragile friendship."

Bill: "Am I in the middle of something here?"

Edie: "Not any more. You" (to Susan) "I will hate forever. And you" (to Bill) "are fired."

Susan: "Edie!"

Bill: "You're firing me because I'm going out with Susan?"

Edie: "Yes, and before you start whining that dating her is punishment enough, save it."

She walks away. Bill and Susan look exasperated.

Later, on a dark road, Susan drives Bill home.

Bill: "I suppose I could tell her you threw yourself at me. You were lonely, you begged to have dinner and I took pity on you."

Susan: "Well, excuse me, but that, that kinda makes it sound like it was my fault. You can't possibly blame me. I'm not the one who fired you."

Bill: "Right. You just chose not to tell me that Edie would be insanely mad if I went out with you. Slow down. You're driving too fast!"

Susan: "You know, this is between you and Edie. I just got sucked into the drama."

Bill: "Yeah. I bet you tell yourself that all the time."

Susan: "What does that mean?"

Bill: "You didn't get sucked into the drama. You invited it in."

Susan: "That's not true!"

Bill: "You spent the last hour obsessing over your ex-boyfriend. Even though he's a sketchy ex-con who very possibly strangled your neighbor."

Susan: "Well, no, he didn't."

Bill: "And Edie told you not to go out with me, but did you listen? No, because you saw the potential for disaster and you just couldn't resist getting in there."

Susan: "Okay, Mr. let's-just-have-fun-cause-I'm-the-charming-casual-contractor-man. You chased me, so own it, my friend!"

There's suddenly a loud bang and the front tire on Susan's car goes flat. Susan is unable to control the car, and it runs off the road.

Later, Susan and Bill sit by the side of the road, the crashed car behind them.

Bill: "You didn't get that tire fixed did you?"

Susan: "I was meaning to. I guess I do invite the drama in. Just a little."

Lynette's House

Lynette and Tom lie in bed, watching TV.

Lynette: "Tom, am I a bad person?"

Tom uses the remote to turn off the TV.

Tom: "No, why would you say that?"

Lynette: "I don't know. I guess I just have it in my head that only bad people break up marriages and offend the handicapped."

Tom: "Well, I did try to warn you."

Lynette: "You did. Why do I do it? This compulsion to stick my nose where it doesn't belong. I mean..."

Tom: "You were just looking out for your friend."

Lynette: "Yeah, a lot of good it did her."

Tom: "At least you tried. I admire you for that."

Lynette: "Oh, please."

Tom: "Hey, I'm the guy who let Dennis badmouth his wife because I was afraid of making a scene. But you, you knew it was wrong and you let him have it."

Lynette: "That's me. Never afraid to create a scene."

Tom: "My point is you have a strong sense of what is right and you are not afraid to act on it and I admire you for that."

Lynette: "You know what I admire you for? You find a way to compliment me when you could say 'I told you so.'"

Lynette leans over and kisses Tom. He signs something to her.

Lynette: "You just signed 'I told you so' didn't you?"

Tom: "You'll never prove it."

Tom turns off the light.

Sacred Heart Hospital

Mr. Steinberg, the man who eavesdropped on Gabrielle and Nurse Heissel's conversation earlier, leads Gabrielle into his office.

Mr. Steinberg: "Thanks for coming in Mrs. Solis. I believe you've met Nurse Heissel?"

Gabrielle sees Nurse Heissel sitting in the corner.

Gabrielle: "Yes, hello, again."

Mr. Steinberg: "Nurse Heissel became quite attached to your mother-in-law. That's why I asked her to be here for this. First of all, I want you to understand that we consider our commitment to our patients a sacred trust."

Nurse Heissel lets out a sob. Gabrielle turns to look at her.

Gabrielle: "Okay."

Mr. Steinberg: "Having said that, it appears there may, and I stress may, have been a breakdown in our chain of care."

Nurse Heissel sobs again. Again, Gabrielle turns to look at her.

Mr. Steinberg: "I can assure you that we hold our staff to the highest standards in the industry. But we are only human, after all."

Nurse Heissel lets out a long whimper. Gabrielle turns and touches Nurse Heissel.

Gabrielle: "Honey, are you okay?"

Nurse Heissel continues to whimper as she shakes her head.

Mr. Steinberg: "Nurse Heissel, why don't you step out?"

Nurse Heissel gets up crying.

Nurse Heissel: "I'm so sorry."

Gabrielle: "Uh huh."

Nurse Heissel leaves the room.

Mr. Steinberg: "We all share in your grief."

Gabrielle: "Apparently."

Mr. Steinberg: "And we're hoping to alleviate any further pain your family may suffer by offering some monetary compensation."

Mr. Steinberg puts a letter in front of Gabrielle. She picks it up to read.

Mr. Steinberg: "Provided you and your husband waive any future right to litigation, of course."

Gabrielle: "Monetary compensation? You're trying to buy us off?"

Mr. Steinberg: "Let's not get tangled up in legalese. We like to think of it as an extension of our caring."

Gabrielle: "Well, in that case, care away."

Gabrielle hands the document back, smiling.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle sits in her car in the driveway, talking on the phone.

Gabrielle: "Mr. Hartley, I have a hypothetical question for you. I like to play the lottery and I - yes, I know what the odds are, but I just love those scratch-offs. Say I were to win, I don't know, a million six hundred thousand dollars. Would the government be able to take it? Like they took everything else?"

There's a pause as Gabrielle listens to the answer, then she gets out of the car.

Gabrielle: "That's what I thought. The bastards. So, what if we won the lottery after Carlos went to jail? Could the government touch the money then? Hypothetically. I see. And we could keep the house."

Gabrielle walks toward the front door. She sees Carlos vacuuming just inside the front door. He smiles and waves at her. Gabrielle smiles and waves back.

Gabrielle (on the phone): "Oh no, I'm just at the grocery store wondering if I should buy a ticket. Thanks a bunch, Mr. Hartley. So what time should I bring Carlos to the DA's office tomorrow? Great."

Gabrielle, smiling, hangs up the cell phone.

Bree's House

Bree walks into the dining room, where Danielle and Rex are seated. She puts down a bowl of food and leans over to kiss Rex.

"We all honor heroes for different reasons. Sometimes for their daring..."

Danielle turns and looks at her brother's empty chair.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle and Carlos sit on their couch. Carlos reads the paper and Gabrielle reads a magazine. They are holding hands.

"Sometimes for their bravery..."

Lynette's House

Lynette feeds the baby in the kitchen. Tom is in the background, watching her.

"Sometimes for their goodness..."

Tom goes over to Lynette and leans down.

Tom (to the baby): "I love you."

Lynette turns to him and signs "I love you."

Outside

Susan walks towards Mike's house with his sealed letter in her hands. Susan slides the letter under Mike's door.

"But mostly we honor heroes because at one point or another, we all dream of being rescued."

Inside his house, Mike picks up the unopened letter and watches Susan walk away.

"Of course, if the right hero doesn't come along, sometimes we just have to rescue ourselves."

Susan continues walking back home.

"There were many things Gabrielle Solis knew for certain. She knew red was her color. She knew diamonds went with everything and she knew men were all the same. But the one thing Gabrielle knew above all else...she would never want children. Unfortunately for Gabrielle, her husband, Carlos, felt differently."

In bed, Gabrielle puts lotion on her hands while Carlos reads.

Gabrielle: "I'm so lucky to have you."

Carlos: "Okay, I'll bite. Why are you so lucky?"

Gabrielle: "Because I don't want to have kids and you do."

Carlos: "Oh, that."

Gabrielle: "Most men would leave over something like that and you're still here. I'm grateful. I know the sacrifice you're making."

Carlos: "Theres still a little part of me thats hoping to change your mind. Once you had a baby, I think that you would love it so much that-"

Gabrielle: "Honey, its not going to happen."

Carlos: "You never know."

Gabrielle: "No, sometimes you do."

Carlos: "Well, it is a sacrifice. But you're worth it."

Gabrielle leans over and begins kissing Carlos.

"Yes, Gabrielle Solis knew without a doubt she didn't want to be a mother, but what she couldn't know was just how much her husband wanted to be a father, or that he'd been tampering with her birth control for months. Or that within one weeks time, she'd be pregnant."

Credits

"Saturdays on Wisteria Lane belonged to the children, and while most would spend the day practicing their sports and riding their bikes, and jumping their ropes, others were no longer engaged in childs play. Indeed some children were being forced to grow up very quickly."

Paul's House, Outside

Zach rakes leaves in the front yard while two men in suits talk with Paul on the front steps.

Detective: "Sorry to bother you on a weekend. We just have a few questions for you."

Paul: "About what?"

Detective: "Twelve years ago your late wife purchased a toy chest."

Paul: "Toy chest?"

Detective: "Yeah, it was about this big, had little dancing bears on it."

Paul: "Gosh, I'm sorry."

Detective #2: "The craftsman who makes these chests keeps a list of customers. Apparently you purchased one in August nineteen ninety-two."

Detective: "Yeah, we'd like to know where that chest is now."

Paul: "Wow, I, um, I wish I could help you. I don't recall any toy chest."

Zach: "I remember. Yeah it had little bears and balloons on it, right?"

Detective: "Yes, son, thats right."

Zach: "Yeah, we threw that chest away when I was little. I was standing on it and it just busted. Remember, dad?"

Paul: "Vaguely."

Detective: "I guess thats all, then. Thank you both for your time."

Zach: "Hey. Whats the deal with this chest anyway?"

Detective: "The one just like you had washed up on Torch Lake. It had a woman in it."

Zach: "A woman?"

Detective: "She was all chopped up."

They leave. Zach looks at Paul.

Paul: "Obviously, we need to talk."

They go inside and in the next yard over, Felicia Tilman stands there with gardening shears, watching them.

Zach: "You lied to me. You said there was a man in the box."

Paul: "No, I didn't lie."

Zach: "Well, the policeman said that it was a womans body. Of course you were lying."

Paul: "I told you a private detective had come to take you away from us. I never said it was a man."

Zach: "You didn't?"

Paul: "No."

Zach: "Well I thought that-"

Paul: "No."

Zach: "No, stop, please just stop, I know that you're lying to me. I know that you're lying."

Paul: "For the last time. Someone came and tried to take you away from us."

Zach: "Yes, a woman. A woman came."

Paul: "Yes, she tried to steal you. From the only family that you've ever really known. And we couldn't let that happen, and we didn't. And that is the truth."

Bree's House

Bree packs up a large care package box.

Rex: "We can't cancel now. Its two days away."

Bree: "Rex, I'm not going. Thats all there is to it."

Rex: "Counseling is part of the treatment at Camp Hennessey. You knew that."

Bree: "Nowhere in that brochure did it say that we were expected to attend."

Rex: "Well, what is Andrew going to think if you don't show up?"

Bree: "Well, I am making him his care package. I mean he'll know that I'm thinking about him."

Rex: "Why are you putting in lemon squares? They told us not to send him sweets."

Bree: "Well, I don't understand why."

Rex: "I guess they feel baked goods from mom undercut the boot camp experience."

Bree: "Fine. I won't send them, but I think its a stupid rule."

Rex: "So, are you going to this thing or not?"

Bree: "No."

Rex: "Why?"

Bree: "Because the minute I get there, Andrew will start attacking me for abandoning him, and I don't want to hear it."

Rex: "Theres no reason to feel guilty, you know. You did everything you could for him."

Bree: "I don't feel guilty."

Rex: "Okay."

Rex walks off and Bree puts the lemon squares back in the box before taping it up.

Lynette's House

Lynette, in a dress with curlers in her hair, is on the phone while holding baby Penny. Parker kneels on a chair, methodically picking the flowers off of a bunch of daisies in a vase.

Lynette: "Please Christy, there is no way that I can get another baby-sitter this late in the day. Parker knock it off."

Parker: "No."

Lynette ( on the phone ): "Because, I'm having drinks with friends I used to work with and they never call and if I blow them off, thats it. It's just, I'm dead to them. No, I can't call Patty Binks. Because she steals things. Dammit, Christy you're thirteen-years-old. You've got a lot of trips to the mall ahead of you. Okay, okay, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I raised my voice. I'm calm. So I'm starting to think that this is about money. So what is it that'll make it worth your while? A hundred? Well thats extortion. Theres no way in hell that I'm going to-hello? Hello? Parker I swear I will spank you. Knock it off."

She dials another number.

Lynette: "Hi, Mrs. Binks. Is Patty there? Thank you."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle walks into the house, with shopping bags, and finds Carlos and Mr. Steinberg, the lawyer from the hospital, in the living room.

Gabrielle: "Hi honey, I'm back."

Carlos: "Hey sweetie. This is Mr. Steinberg, the attorney from the hospital."

Gabrielle: "Oh, have we met?"

Mr. Steinberg: "Yes, Mrs. Solis. We've met."

Carlos: "Don't you remember? It was after mama died. Apparently, the hospital was negligent, and agreed to a seven-figure settlement check. A check I was never told about."

Gabrielle: "Oh, that. Uh, Mr. Steinberg?"

Mr. Steinberg: "I was just leaving."

He leaves, but not after sending a meaningful glance at Carlos.

Carlos: "What were you thinking?"

Gabrielle: "Wait, just let me explain."

Carlos: "No, why the hell didn't you tell me?"

Gabrielle: "Because I couldn't trust you to make the right decision."

Carlos: "No, the right decision was to use that money for my lawyers. We could've bought the indictment and then I wouldnt've had to take the plea bargain."

Gabrielle: "If you didn't take the plea deal, the government would've seized the settlement."

Carlos: "Oh, we could've bought that in court."

Gabrielle: "Exactly, and then you would've blown all the money on the lawyers."

Carlos: "Who cares? If there was a chance that I'd have to go to jail!"

Gabrielle: "You had Laotian convicts sewing casual wear for two cents an hour. Don't you think you deserve a time-out?"

Carlos: "Eight months. Thanks to you I'm going away for eight months."

Gabrielle: "And when you get out, we're gonna have money to start over with, thanks to me. You know, once you calm down you're gonna realize I did the right thing. And when that happens, I'll appreciate an apology."

She goes upstairs.

Susan's House

Susan sits at the kitchen table, painting in a picture of a bear while Julie takes something out of the refrigerator.

The sound of squealing tires is heard, then a crash. Julie looks out the kitchen window. A woman gets out of a car that has crashed into Mike's SUV.

Julie: "Grandmas here."

Susan joins Julie at the sink and they watch as the woman, obviously distraught, inspects the damage. Mike also gets out of his car to see the damage.

Susan: "Now that is just perfect. Stay put."

She goes outside.

Sophie: "I am so sorry."

Susan: "Hey, mom."

Sophie: "Oh, hey Suzie. I goofed."

Susan: "What happened?"

Sophie: "Oh, you know me, no depth perception whatsoever. This time they even issued me a license."

Mike: "So you're Susans mom?"

Sophie: "Yeah, I'm Sophie Bremmer. And you are?"

Mike: "Mike Delfino."

Sophie: "Oh, you're Mike? Oh my god, Susans told me so much about you. don't just stand there. Give me a hug."

Susan: "Mom, um, Mike and I aren't together anymore."

Sophie: "Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I just made this pretty awkward, huh?"

Susan: "Yeah, you, you really did. So lets just call the insurance company."

Sophie: "Okay. Well, its nice meeting you anyway, Mike."

Mike: "You too, and I never would've guessed that you were Susans mom."

Sophie: "I know, I look too young. I got pregnant when I was a tiny teenager."

Susan: "Okay."

Sophie: "It was the first time I got drunk ever. Can you believe it?"

Susan: "Lets go."

Sophie: "Her father was a marine. Afterwards he gave me three of his medals."

Susan: "Mom!"

Sophie: "What?"

Susan: "Lets just go inside and call the insurance company."

Sophie: "All right."

Susan: "And what are you smiling about?"

Mike: "I used to have all these questions about how you got to be the way you are. They were all just answered."

Bree's House, Outside

Bree goes to her mailbox and takes out her mail. When she turns back around, she sees Lynette, dressed up, pushing baby Penny's carriage, and all three boys behind her. Bree quickly tries to hurry back in the house, but Lynette stops her.

Lynette: "Hi. Hi."

Bree: "Hi, whats going on?"

Lynette: "Oh, um, my baby-sitter canceled."

Bree: "Oh, Lynette, I'm so swamped today. My house is a mess and I've got millions of errands to run so-"

Lynette: "Please, hear me out. This is important. Today I have a chance to rejoin the human race for a few hours. There are actual adults waiting for me with margaritas. Look. I'm in a dress, I have make-up on."

Bree: "If it were any other day-"

Lynette: "Oh. for gods sake, Bree. I'm wearing pantyhose."

Bree: "Bring 'em in."

Lynette: "Thank you, thank you. Okay, in you go."

Susan's House

Sophie cooks on the stove while Susan brings out vegetables to chop.

Susan: "And then the police showed me his mug shots."

Sophie: "No!"

Susan: "Yes. Mike served time for selling drugs and man slaughter."

Sophie: "I can't believe it."

Susan: "Well, its true."

Sophie: "He has such a nice manners, you know?"

Susan: "I know."

Sophie: "Suzie, I don't want you worrying too much about this Mike thing. The right man will come along. Just give it time."

Susan: "I think I would've given up entirely if it weren't for you and Morty."

Sophie: "Morty?"

Susan: "Yeah, you know. It's the third time around for both of you and you're really clicking. Ah. It gives me hope. Whats wrong?"

Sophie: "Nothing, nothing. Um, I'm just, um, tired."

Susan: "You're not tired. You took a nap. What is it?"

Sophie: "I left Morty."

Susan: "What? Why?"

Sophie: "Because he shoved me."

Susan: "Morty? No."

Sophie: "You think I'm lying? Ah! Fine."

Susan: "Why would he shove you?"

Sophie: "Because I confronted him. About how much time hes spending at the damn pancake restaurant. If thats where hes really been."

Susan: "Oh, you can't be serious. Morty?"

Sophie: "You think men his age don't have needs? You should see the waitresses he hires. Every year, they get younger and younger."

Susan: "Maybe you just feel that way because every year you get older and older."

Sophie: "Well, thats a horrible thing to say."

Susan: "I'm sorry."

Sophie: "I'm not that old."

Susan: "I said I was sorry."

Sophie: "People think we're sisters."

Susan: "Well, thats 'cause you tell them that."

Sophie: "One time. You've got to let go of that."

Susan: "Okay look, I am just saying that I don't think Morty cheated on you."

Sophie: "Well, he did shove me. The least you could do is be supportive."

Susan: "You're right. You're right."

Sophie: "He also threw a book at me."

Susan: "Oh, come on! I mean, he shouldn't have done that."

Sophie: "Thank you."

Bree's House

Preston and Parker sit at Bree's table, furiously scribbling with crayons on coloring books. Porter stands near a table with freshly-baked cookies on it and reaches for one.

Bree: "Porter, honey, those cookies are hot. Just wait a few minutes and then I'll give you one when they're cool, okay? You know, pictures are prettier if you color inside the lines. Well, art is subjective. Porter, what did I tell you?"

Porter: "But I'm hungry."

Bree: "Well, then, I will fix you a very nice bowl of peaches and cottage cheese."

Porter: "Ew, barf."

Bree: "Don't be common, young man. Now come on. If you play around with those cookies one more time I'm gonna have to spank you."

Preston: "We don't get spanked."

Bree: "Really?"

Porter: "Mommy always says shes gonna, but she never does."

Bree: "Well, I am not your mommy, and if you misbehave in my house, you will get spanked. So be good."

She leaves the three boys at the table and goes over to Penny. Porter gets up and goes to the cookies again, this time knocking them over.

Porter: "It was an accident."

Bree: "Porter, I warned you."

Porter: "I'm sorry. I'll be good."

Bree: "Those cookies were made from scratch. Your fate is sealed. Come here."

Porter: "No, no!"

She brings him over to a chair. She sits down, pulls him face-down on her lap and begins spanking him.

Porter: "Ow! Ow! Ow!"

Parker and Preston, watching from the table, are shocked.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is giving herself a pedicure when Carlos walks into the living room and tosses a piece of paper in front of her.

Gabrielle: "Whats that?"

Carlos: "Its called a post nuptial agreement. Its a legal document that-"

Gabrielle: "No I know what a post-nup is. What is it doing on my coffee table?"

Carlos: "Well, I can forgive that stunt you pulled with the settlement check...if I'm sure that you'll really going to be around when I get out of jail."

Gabrielle: "And the post-nup changes the terms of the pre-nup. So..."

Carlos: "So if you try to divorce me while I'm gone, you get nothing."

Gabrielle: "You don't trust me?"

Carlos: "I'm afraid not."

Gabrielle: "Well, thats too bad, because I'm not signing that piece of paper."

Carlos: "You're a very beautiful woman, Gabrielle, but you're not very bright. You see, if you don't sign it, I'll pull the plug on the settlement agreement, divorce you, and then you get what amounts to about fifty percent of our current savings, which is basically nothing."

Gabrielle: "So, what do you expect to happen right now, Carlos? Sign the paper and jump right back into your arms?"

Carlos: "It doesn't mean that I don't love you. You know how I think you're the perfect woman?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, but I'm not. I have flaws."

Carlos: "Flaws?"

Gabrielle: "Hmm hmm. I'm gonna give you an example. Remember the time when you were in jail and you told me about your secret compartment? And you told me to burn the papers that I found in there? Well, me being pretty and therefore, stupid, I forgot."

Carlos: "You didn't burn the papers?"

Gabrielle: "Worse. I read them."

Carlos: "Okay, okay."

Gabrielle: "You have some nerve talking to me about trust when you have a secret bank account in the Cayman Islands."

Carlos: "That was a safety net for both of us."

Gabrielle: "I'll bet."

Carlos: "Have you told anyone else about this?"

Gabrielle: "No, but I could. Hey, isn't that why the prosecution didn't have a case against you? They couldn't find the profits you made. So if I were you, Carlos, I wouldn't mention the words divorce, trust, post-nup ever again. You don't want to piss me off."

She starts to walk off. Carlos grabs a vase and throws it against the wall, where it shatters.

Gabrielle: "I know, baby. It hurts to lose."

Lynette's House

Gabrielle, Susan, Bree, Lynette, and Sophie are sitting around the kitchen table, playing cards. Susan deals.

Susan: "Ante up."

Sophie: "Well, look at me. Finally in on one of your legendary poker parties. Susans always telling me how much fun you girls have."

Susan: "Well, the rules are simple. We play for cash. The dealer picks the game and unsubstantiated gossip is encouraged."

Sophie: "Ah!"

Lynette: "Bree, thanks again for watching my boys. You're sure they weren't too much to handle?"

Bree: "Oh no, we had a wonderful time. Although I think Porter had a little less fun. Okay I'll bet."

Gabrielle: "So Sophie, Susan says you guys are going to a spa tomorrow. Is that an all-day thing?"

Lynette: "What do you mean Porter had less fun? I'll raise."

Bree: "Well, he was misbehaving so I had to punish him."

Sophie: "So yes, Susan is treating me to an entire day of beauty-"

Lynette: "So, when you say punishment what exactly are we talking about?"

Bree: "Oh, I had to spank him. Okay, I will re-raise."

Lynette: "You spanked my son?"

Sophie: "Las Breesas Spa. Yup, thats where we're going."

Bree: "Lynette, is there a problem?"

Lynette: "Tom and I don't believe in hitting our kids. I thought you knew that."

Bree: "Sorry, I didn't know. It won't happen again. Of course, I'm somewhat surprised you don't spank them. I mean everybody knows they're a little bit out of control."

Susan: "Wow, I am just dragging today. Should we put on another pot of coffee?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah, I'll do it."

Sophie: "I'll, I'll fold."

Lynette: "Yeah, you're right Bree. I've got a lot to learn about parenting, and I feel so blessed to be getting sage advice from such an impeccable mother like you. I mean your kids turned out perfect, as long as you don't call Andrew. Where is he again, hmm? Some kind of a boot camp for juvenile delinquents."

Susan: "Okay, girls."

Bree: "I never said I was perfect."

Gabrielle: "Oh, honey, nobodys blaming you."

Lynette: "The hell I'm not."

Susan: "Lynette."

Bree: "If you will excuse me."

She leaves.

Gabrielle: "Lynette, will you go after her?"

Lynette: "She spanked my son. I'm not apologizing."

She leaves.

Susan: "Usually poker is more fun than this."


Lynette's House

Lynette and Tom get ready for bed.

Lynette: "So help me, if you don't back me up on this, I will lose it."

Tom: "Yes, Bree shouldn't have spanked Porter, but its not like she hurt him."

Lynette: "That is not the point. You don't spank other peoples children."

Tom: "He was misbehaving. She had to do something. But make no mistake, she definitely crossed the line."

Lynette: "Yeah, you're damn right she did. She could've tried something else, like a timeout or she could've simply threatened to spank him."

Tom: "Yeah, because that works out so well when we do it."

Lynette: "It does work. It does work most of the time."

Tom: "It used to work. They've figured out its an empty threat. They're onto us."

Lynette: "My mom used to beat the hell out of my sisters and me, and I won't do it. I will not become my mother."

Tom: "Fine, but the boys are getting older and smarter and eventually, believe me, eventually, they're going to figure out that they out number us and then..."

Lynette: "We're screwed."

Tom: "Exactly."

Paul's House, Nighttime

Zach sits on the porch, playing guitar, while Felicia Tilman removes groceries from her car.

Felicia: "Excuse me, Zachary, would you mind helping me with these bags? Theres some banana bread in it for you if you do."

Zach: "Uh, yeah, sure."

Felicia's House

Zach sits at the table, eating banana bread, with a glass of milk in front of him.

Zach: This is really good, Mrs. Tilman. Thanks a lot."

Felicia: "You're welcome, Zachary."

Zach: "You know, I've never actually been in Mrs. Hubers house before."

Felicia: "Obviously you haven't missed much. This is the place where good taste goes to die. So I heard you and your father arguing the other day. Everything all right at home?"

Zach: "Yeah. We just have problems sometimes."

Felicia: "I bet you miss your mother. I'm sure things were different when she was alive. Such a warm, loving woman."

Zach: "You knew my mother?"

Felicia: "Yup. Years ago in Utah. We worked together."

Zach: "I didn't know that."

Felicia: "Its true. In fact, I'll tell you a secret. I once met you when you were a little baby."

Zach: "Really."

Felicia: "Mmm hmm. Your mother loved you so much, Zachary. Of all the things I remember, I remember that the most."

Zach starts to cry and Felicia gently removes the banana bread from his hand and gives him a napkin.

Felicia: "You want to know what else I remember? How lovely your original name was."

Zach: "Dana."

She smiles and nods very slightly.

Spa

Sophie and Susan are seated in leather chairs, getting calf massages. They each have on a spa robe and their hair is twisted up in a towel.

Sophie: "Isn't this nice? Just the two of us girls hanging out, getting pretty. Ah, thank you."

Susan: "My pleasure. So I was thinking maybe you should call Morty. You know, get started working things out."

Sophie: "Why would I want to work things out with a man who abuses me?"

The women massaging them gasp.

Susan: "Oh you don't have to gasp. My mother exaggerates."

Sophie: "She won't be happy, 'til I have bruises."

Susan: "Okay, um. Can we just focus? What I want to know is, have you thought about whats gonna happen if you don't go back to Morty?"

Sophie: "What do you mean?"

Susan: "Well, you don't have a place to live, you don't like to work, you didn't want to marry Morty so he doesn't have to pay you alimony. It's just, if you don't go back to this man who allegedly shoved you once in five years, what are your options?"

Sophie: "I thought I could live with you."

Susan: "What?"

Susan, in reflex, kicks out, hitting the masseuse in the nose. She cries out loudly in pain.

Susan: "Oh god. Are you all right?"

Masseuse: "You kicked me!"

Susan: "Oh I'm so sorry. I was startled. Here, here, lean your head back."

Sophie: "I'm not saying permanently. Just for a couple of years."

Masseuse: "You broke my nose."

Susan: "No, no, its just banged a little."

Sophie: "Till I get back on my feet."

Susan: "Mom, can we talk about this later?"

Masseuse #2: "Should we call nine-one-one?"

Susan: "No, just a nose bleed. Shes fine."

Sophie: "I thought you'd be excited by the idea."

Susan: "Its not that I'm not excited."

Sophie: "I'm not stupid, Susan. Its obvious you don't want me here."

Susan: "No thats not true. Mom don't go. Mom come back. You know I need to-were good, right?"

Masseuse: "Just go."

Outside

Gabrielle jogs down the street and stops when she sees John also jogging. He stops and they stare at each other from across the street. He starts to cross the street towards her, but she holds up her hands to stop him. He mouths "What?" at her, but obediently stays on his side of the street. Gabrielle starts jogging again. John watches her go.

Bree's House

Bree sits near the bed, looking at outfits lying on the bed.

Rex: "Why aren't you dressed yet?"

Bree: "I wanted to wear Andrews favorite color, and then I realized that...I don't know what it is."

Rex: "Oh honey, I think the fact that you decided to come at all will make him happy."

Bree: "Yours is blue, Danielle loves pink, and I have no idea what my own sons favorite color is."

Rex: "I'm telling you, it doesn't matter."

Bree: "How can you say that it doesn't matter? Of course it matters."

Rex: "Bree."

Bree: "That is what makes a good mother. Someone who knows their child inside and out, so that if they get in trouble, they know what to do. I don't know him well enough."

Rex: "You are a good mother."

Bree: "Brown or green. I just don't know."

Rex: "I'm gonna wait in the car. Whenever you're ready."

Bree: "Green. I'll go with green. Everybody loves green."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle sits at the table, reading a magazine. Carlos walks up behind her and puts the post-nup on her magazine.

Gabrielle: "I told you. I'm not signing this."

Carlos: "Oh, I think you are. Because if you don't, I will divorce you."

Gabrielle: "Then I'll go to the police."

Carlos: "And tell them what? Theres a secret bank account in the Cayman Islands that no longer exists?"

Gabrielle: "You moved the money?"

Carlos: "Of course, I moved the money."

Gabrielle: "Well, that was risky. I mean, the feds are watching you right now."

Carlos: "I had to do something. I couldn't just let you make a fool out of me."

Gabrielle turns to run and Carlos chases after her. He grabs her and picks her up, carrying her to the table.

Gabrielle: "Stop, Carlos stop it! Put me down!"

Carlos: "Okay."

He deposits her in the chair, positions the paper in front of her and forcibly grabs her hand, putting the pen in it.

Gabrielle: "Let me go. Ah! Stop! you're hurting me. Carlos!"

He clamps onto her hand with one hand and holds onto her chin with the other.

Carlos: "Sign it. SIGN IT!"

Crying, Gabrielle signs the paper. He lets her go and takes the paper, walking over to the entrance of the living room. He leans against the wall.

Carlos: "I know baby. It hurts to lose."

She storms out of the house.

Camp Hennessey

Dozens of boys engage in carrying large duffel bags on their backs, or running, while Bree and Rex sit at a small picnic table that's been set up with coffee and snacks.

A man comes up to them.

Director: "Mr. And Ms. Van De Kamp?"

Bree: "Um, yes. Is it our turn?"

Director: "Well, sort of. Andrew is waiting inside but, um..."

Rex: "Whats wrong?"

Director: "Well, he said he won't go forward with the session if his mothers involved. He only wants to talk to his dad."

Rex: "We drove two hundred miles to be here today. This is unacceptable."

Director: "I share your frustration."

Rex: "All right. To hell with him then. We're going home."

Bree: "No."

Rex: "I am not gonna let him insult you like this."

Bree: "He blames me for his being here. He blames me for everything, and hes probably right."

Rex: "Any mistakes made were made by both of us."

Bree: "One of us should go talk to him, see how he is. I'm okay."

Rex: "Are you sure?"

Bree: "Yeah. I'm fine."

Director: "Right this way."

Bree watches them enter a cabin with a sign on it that reads "Counseling Center." When the door is opened and Rex enters, Andrew is right there and Bree watches as he hugs Rex. He catches sight of Bree. She waves to him and he closes the door.

Lynette's House

The three boys are in the bathroom, giggling over the toilet.

Parker: "Mom! Mom!"

Lynette: "Yeah, yeah, I'm coming. What is it? Why aren't you guys brushing your teeth?"

She looks in the toilet and sees a red toothbrush floating in it.

Lynette: "Parker, what happened?"

Parker: "Porter pushed me and it fell in."

Porter: "He pushed me first."

Preston: "Can I flush it?"

Lynette: "No, no, I'll fish it out later all right? You're off the hook for tonight, but not you two, so start brushing."

Porter and Parker walk to the sink, but Preston stays behind.

Lynette: "Preston, did you not hear me? I said start brushing your teeth."

Preston opens up the lid of the toilet and grins.

Lynette: "What are you doing?"

Preston holds his toothbrush over the toilet.

Lynette: "Don't you dare."

Porter and Parker: "Do it, do it, do it."

Lynette: "Preston, don't listen to them. Back away from the toilet and no one gets hurt. I mean it this time. These are not just words. If you do this, so help me..."

"Hearing the hollowness of her own voice Lynette realized that it was time to get one step ahead."

Lynette: "I will walk you over to Mrs. Van De Kamps and we all know what happens when she gets mad."

Preston's grin disappears and he quickly lowers the toilet bowl lid.

Lynette: "Now, go brush your teeth and I want 'em to sparkle. Go on."

Camp Hennessey

Two women sit at the next table over from Bree, smoking and drinking coffee.

Woman: "Sorry you had to bring your kid back. What happened this time?"

Woman #2: "Well, a couple months back I caught Doug going through my purse."

Woman: "Oh, I hate when they do that. Was he looking for weed or money?"

Woman#2: "Oh, who knows at this point? Anyway I knocked a couple back, and things got heated and pretty soon we're both screaming and throwing stuff around the apartment. Next thing you know the lady upstairs calls the cops on us."

Woman: "Oh, gimme a break."

Woman#2: "So, now I got some social worker trying to tell me how to raise my boy."

Woman: "Kids. Boy, if I knew then what I know now, I would've had that hysterectomy twenty years ago."

Bree stares at them, the purposefully takes her purse and walks into the Counseling Center.

Rex: "Uh. Bree."

Bree: "Don't get up. I'll be quick. Andrew, all any parent can do is try to provide their child with the tools to succeed in life. Education, love, a good clean safe home. Well, I have given you those things and I am through feeling guilty, so if you want to piss your life away and blame it on how horrible things are at home you go ahead, but I want it stated for the record that I am a good mother. Do you hear me? I am a good mother."

Rex: "Bree, Andrew just told me he thinks he might be gay."

Bree: "What?"

Rex: "Thats why he wanted me to come in first. He thought I could take it better."

Bree: "Well, he was right. I will be waiting in the car."

She leaves.

John's Apartment

There's a knock on the door and when John opens it, Gabrielle is there.

John: "Mrs. Solis? What are you doing here?"

She pushes him against the wall and kisses him.

John: "Okay."

Gabrielle: "Are your roommates here?"

John: "No. Are you okay?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah."

He sees the bruise on her arm.

John: "Whats this?"

Gabrielle: "That, uh, Carlos just got a little rough. He needed me to sign some papers."

John: "He hurt you?"

Gabrielle: "John? What are you doing?"

John: "I'm gonna take care of this."

Gabrielle: "No, you're not gonna do anything."

John: "No, we're not gonna let him get away with this."

Gabrielle: "Look, you really want to get back at him? Then kiss me."

John: "Hows that gonna help?"

Gabrielle: "Because, one day when the time is right, we're gonna tell him how he drove me right into your arms, and thats gonna kill him. And tonight, just whatever you do, don't call me beautiful."

They kiss.

Pancake Restaurant

Susan walks into the restaurant. A waitress notices her.

Milly: "Oh, Morty, look who's here."

Susan: "Hey Milly, hi Morty."

Morty: "Hey Suzie. What brings you here?"

Susan: "Mom. I brought her over."

She motions to the parking lot, where Sophie is pacing in front of the car.

Morty: "Whats she doing out there?"

Susan: "She says she won't come in until you go out and apologize to her."

Morty: "For, for what?"

Susan: "For shoving her."

Morty: "I only shoved her 'cause she wouldn't stop hitting me."

Susan: "Why was she hitting you?"

Morty: "I threw a book at her."

Susan: "Morty!"

Morty: "It was, it was a paperback."

Susan: "Well, even so."

Morty: "Well, at least I missed. She hit me swear on the gut. Want to see the bruise?"

Susan: "Thats okay. Thats okay."

Morty: "It really hurt."

Susan: "Yeah, I understand. So, could you, uh, just go out and apologize?"

Morty: "No."

Susan: "Why?"

Morty: "Because I don't want her back."

Susan: "Morty!"

Morty: "Look, I love her, but the Pancake Shack is just starting to take off. We were talking about opening another one. I mean, thats practically a chain. I don't have time for her hysterics."

Susan: "Yeah, I sympathize I really do, but you have to take her back."

Morty: "Why?"

Susan: "Because she wants to move in with me."

Morty: "Oh."

Susan: "Morty, I'd like to have a relationship again, and at my age, with a kid, I mean if she moves into my house, even for a couple years, I'm doomed."

Morty: "Wasn't there a plumber? Your mother said you were in love with a plumber."

Susan: "I am. I mean, I was. It didn't work out."

Morty: "I'm sorry."

Susan: "If she moves in, she will burn up all my oxygen and I need it. Please, can't you give her another chance? You guys are really good together. You know? When theres no violence."

Morty: "Well, we do have chemistry."

Susan: "Absolutely."

Morty: "And the you know, s*x was like, wow. I mean, there was this one time, we were coming home on the interstate."

Susan: "You don't have to sell me. Go, just go talk to her. Now."

Morty: "Okay."

He walks out there and Susan sighs.

Milly: "That was a mighty big sigh."

Susan: "I just keep thinking its coming, Milly, and I can't stop it."

Milly: "Whats that?"

Susan: "The day my mother will need to move in with me and I won't have a choice. I know it's years away."

From behind Susan, in the parking lot, Morty and Sophie start arguing and Sophie starts hitting Morty.

Susan: "Shes youthful and vibrant, thank god, but time flies. One day she won't be able to take care of herself anymore and I'll have to step up."

Milly: "I suppose thats true."

Susan: "I think its natures little joke. The children ultimately end up parenting their parents. Well when that day comes, I'll be ready."

Milly: "Honey, you'd better get out there."

Morty: "Ouch, stop it."

Susan runs out after them.

Lynette's House, Outside

The three boys play with Lynette and each other, while Tom watches the baby. Across the street, Bree comes out of her house. Lynette sees her and stops playing. Bree sees her and her step falters, then she continues to the mailbox.

They stare at each other across the street, then Bree starts walking up to her house. Lynette crosses the street.

Lynette: "Hey. Look, I just wanted to apologize."

Bree: "Lynette, don't. The fact that you just crossed that street means the world to me. And if anyone here should apologize, its me."

Lynette: "Thank you. Looks like Tom's got the mob under control. Want to have some coffee? Sit around, bitch about our kids?"

Bree: "I would love to."

Lynette: "Okay."

Today, they walk towards Lynette's house.

"Children come into the world with their own agendas. Some to brighten our days..."

Tom, feeding baby Penny, throws back his head and laughs.

Lynette's House, Inside

"Some to test our patience..."

As Bree and Lynette drink coffee at the table, the three boys play inside and knock some books over. Lynette buries her head in her hands and Bree strokes her arm.

Felicia's House

"Some to give us purpose..."

Zach looks through photo albums while Felicia sits next to him.

Susan's House

"Some to take care of us..."

Sophie sleeps on the couch, an open book in her hands. Susan comes over and closes the book.

Bree's House

Bree dusts in the living room and comes across a photo of Andrew.

"Yes, when they come children change everything."

John's Apartment

"Especially when they're not invited."

Gabrielle and John kiss in his bed, and she collapses on his chest, spent.

Lynette lifts two full trash bags out of the trash can and carries them across the house.

"Every morning as she went to take out her trash, Lynette Scavo would indulge in a little daydream, the details of which were always the same."

Lynette looks out her kitchen door at her neighbor, Karen McClusky, who's watering her lawn.

"One day, her nasty neighbor Karen McClusky would keel over and die."

Mrs. McCluskey falls backward, dead. A moving van appears in front of Mrs. McCluskey's home.

"And her home would be bought by a lovely Swedish family with two adorable twin daughters."

The moving van pulls away. Standing on Mrs. McCluskey's lawn is a man, a woman, and young twin girls waving at Lynette.

"The families would form an everlasting friendship, culminating in their daughters marrying her sons at an elaborate wedding the Scavos wouldn't have to pay for."

Lynette daydreams that her family and the new neighbors meet in the middle of the street, shake hands and hugs. Lynette pictures a beautiful wedding with her twins marrying the new neighbors twins.

"Yes, Lynette enjoyed her little daydream, but Mrs. McCluskey always had a way of pulling her back to reality."

Lynette steps out her kitchen door and sees Mrs. McCluskey carrying Lynette's two garbage cans across the street. Lynette runs after her.

Lynette: "Hey, hey, hey, hey. Why are you stealing my garbage cans?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Garbage pickup was two days ago, and these cans have been on the street ever since. I just assumed you didn't want 'em anymore."

Lynette: "Oh, that's very cute. That's good. Here. Give them here."

Lynette takes the cans away from Mrs. McCluskey and carries them back to her house.

Mrs. McCluskey: "It's bad enough we got to look at that god-awful color you painted the house. We shouldn't have to stare at your cans for days on end."

Lynette: "You want to talk about good neighbor etiquette? How about you hire a gardener to take care of that jungle you call a lawn?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "I am on a fixed income."

Lynette: "Oh. Well, perhaps you should consider moving somewhere less expensive, like a nursing home."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Go to hell."

Mrs. McCluskey turns and begins walking back to her house.

Lynette: "Run by Germans, hmm?"

Mrs. McCluskey waves a dismissive hand in Lynette's direction. Lynette puts her trash cans in her yard and turns back toward Mrs. McCluskey

Lynette: "And you know..."

Mrs. McCluskey stumbles.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Oh. Oh."

She begins crawling on her hands and knees to her house.

Lynette: "Mrs., Mrs. McCluskey. Mrs. McCluskey, are you all right?"

Mrs. McCluskey continues crawling to her yard.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Oh, oh."

Lynette seems at a loss about what to do. She runs toward Mrs. McCluskey's front door.

Lynette: "I'll get the door. "

Mrs. McCluskey: "Oh."

Mrs. McCluskey falls face down.

Lynette: "Mrs. McCluskey!"

"For a brief moment, Lynette was presented with an interesting choice of options."

Lynette looks up and sees her dream family standing in front of the moving van.

"And though she knew she'd hate herself in the morning, Lynette chose to do the right thing."

In front of Mrs. McCluskey's house, ambulance attendants are lifting her on a gurney into the ambulance. She has oxygen tubes in her nose.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Lynette, where are they taking me?"

Lynette: "You're going to the hospital, Mrs. McCluskey. You're gonna be fine."

Mrs. McCluskey: "I don't want to go alone. Come with me."

Lynette: "Oh, um, these are trained technicians, and I've got a roast in the...freezer."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Please. I'm scared."

Lynette: "Yeah, I'll come with you. Okay, here I am."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Thank you."

Lynette climbs into the ambulance and sits next to Mrs. McCluskey.

Mrs. McCluskey: "If I die, I don't want it to be with strangers."

Lynette: "You're not going to die."

Mrs. McCluskey: "How can you be so sure?"

"Of course, Lynette didn't respond. How could she tell her neighbor that some dreams were just too beautiful to come true?"

As the ambulance drives away with the siren blaring, Lynette sees her dream family on Mrs. McCluskey's lawn waving goodbye to her.

Credits

Cemetery

Noah sits on a stone bench looking at a picture of his daughter and saying the Rosary.

"Life is a journey, one that is much better traveled with a companion by our side. But sometimes, we lose our companions along the way, and then the journey becomes unbearable."

Mike approaches.

Mike: "Noah. Didn't know you were a religious man. What's with the Rosary?"

Noah: "They found Deirdre."

Mike: "What?"

Noah: "Her body had been stuffed inside a toy chest. Can you believe that? A kid's toy chest. She'd been dismembered."

Noah begins sighing heavily, almost crying. Mike sits next to him in shock.

Mike: "My god."

Noah: "Cops I.D'ed her from her dental records. She's been dead fifteen years. All that time I was looking for her, she was already gone."

Mike: "I'm so sorry."

Noah: "I have to bury my baby. I came out here to, uh, figure out what kind of tombstone to get her."

Noah stands up. Mike follows him.

Mike: "You shouldn't be doing this now. Let's get you home."

Noah: "There's a cop I want you to talk to."

Mike: "A cop?"

Noah: "His name is Sullivan. I paid him to take the heat off you for your neighbor's murder. He'll get you the file on Deirdre's case. Apparently, they have some leads."

Noah walks away.

Camp Hennessey

Bree and Rex are sitting on the porch.

Rex: "I don't know. I think we may be making a huge mistake."

Bree: "We made our decision. Let's just stick to it."

Rex: "Let's say we leave him here three more weeks. What's the worst that could happen?"

Bree: "Our son just told us that he might be gay. There are two hundred other boys in this camp. Now, I could explain to you what might happen if we left him here, but I'm a lady, and I don't use that kind of language."

Rex: "You know, I bet we're worrying ourselves sick over nothing. This is probably just a phase."

Bree: "Exactly, so we'll get him home, we'll get him into Christian counseling, so it won't become a lifestyle."

Rex: "Well, whatever's going on with him, he's still our son, and we love him."

Bree: "Why would you say that to me?"

Rex: "Because it's obvious how freaked out you are by the whole gay thing."

Bree: "I may be freaked out, but that doesn't change how I feel about him."

Rex: "I'm just saying: be cool."

Andrew comes out onto the porch with his bag.

Bree: "I can be just as cool as you can."

Rex: "All right."

Rex hugs Andrew.

Rex: "It'll be nice to have you back."

Bree approaches Andrew and puts her hands on his arms.

Bree: "Andrew, I would love you even if you were a murderer."

Bree hugs him and Rex and Andrew look at each other in disbelief.

Outside Lynette's House

An ice cream truck with a line of children is parked on the curb. Lynette, with the stroller, is standing nearby. One of the twins runs up to Lynette.

Twin: "Mommy, the line's not moving."

Susan: "Oh, for Pete's sake."

Susan walks quickly to the ice cream truck, where her mother is leaning on the counter, laughing.

Susan: "Mom. Mom!"

Sophie: "What?"

Susan: "Kids are waiting."

Sophie: "Oh, honey, Hector here teaches salsa dancing at the community center."

Hector: "I give private lessons, too."

Sophie: "Oh, I bet you do."

Susan: "Mom!"

Sophie: "What?"

Susan pulls Sophie away from the ice cream truck.

Susan: "Could you please not flirt with the ice cream man?"

Sophie: "Why not?"

Susan: "Do you need a reason beyond the fact that he's the ice cream man?"

Sophie: "It's called moving on with your life."

Susan: "You just broke up with Morty two weeks ago. Don't you think you can at least pretend to mourn the relationship?"

Sophie: "Oh, you are such a stick in the mud. We should be out there having fun. I know what we can do tonight. We can go to some hip club and get some hot guys."

Susan: "Mom."

Sophie: "Oh, it'll be great! I'll say I'm forty-two, and you can be twenty-eight. What? Oh, you could pull it off."

Lynette's House

Lynette opens her front door and Mrs. McCluskey is there.

Lynette: "Mrs. McCluskey, you're back from the hospital already?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Turns out I O.D.ed a little bit on my arthritis medication. One pill, I can open a jar. Four pills, I'm face-down crawling for my life. You'll find out about that soon enough."

Lynette: "Well, I'm glad to hear you're all right."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Here."

Mrs. McCluskey hands Lynette a green Tiffany lamp.

Mrs. McCluskey: "My way of saying thank you for not letting me die out there on the lawn."

Lynette: "Oh, Mrs. McCluskey, you don't ..."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Keep it! It's genuine Tiffany. It's been in my family for years."

Lynette: "I don't know what to say. It's, it's stunning. Thank you."

Mrs. McCluskey hugs Lynette. Lynette looks confused.

Lynette: "I'd invite you in, but-"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Well, I wanted to tell you what my doctor said. Seems that arthritis is the least of my problems."

Mrs. McCluskey walks into Lynette's house. Lynette is speechless.

Mrs. McCluskey: "See, I had this skin tag -- or what I thought was a skin tag, but it turns out it might be more serious."

Gabrielle's House, Nighttime

Gabrielle is lying in bed, reading. Carlos walks into the room and tries to sit on the bed. Gabrielle puts her foot on Carlos' chest to stop him.

Gabrielle: "What do you think you're doing?"

Carlos: "Please, I can't sleep in the den anymore. I need to sleep in a bed."

Gabrielle: "Well, then, you might want to try a motel, because you're not coming back in here!"

Gabrielle shoves Carlos back with her foot. He sighs.

Carlos: "How many times have I got to say I'm sorry?"

Gabrielle: "Obviously, a few more."

Carlos: "I am not proud of what I did. I admit, I was way out of line."

Gabrielle: "You want back in this bed? You know what to do."

Carlos: "I'm not tearing up the post-nup."

Gabrielle: "Why not?"

Carlos: "Because it's the one way that I can ensure you'll be here when I get out of jail."

Gabrielle: "Well, then have fun at the motel."

Carlos: "Fine. Tomorrow I'm canceling your credit cards."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "And I'm taking away your ATM as well."

Gabrielle: "What am I supposed to do for money?"

Carlos: "Maybe once you see how good you've got it here, you'll start treating me with a little respect."

Gabrielle: "You want my respect? Then tear up the post-nup."

Carlos: "Give me my pillow."

Gabrielle: "One more thing. If you ever hurt me again, I will kill you."

Carlos: "If you ever leave me for another man, I'll kill you."

Gabrielle throws the pillow at Carlos.

Gabrielle: "Boy, with all this passion, isn't it a shame that we're not having s*x?"

Carlos walks out of the room.

John's Apartment

John is kissing his way up Gabrielle's arm. Gabrielle lets him, but sits there with her head propped up on her hand, looking disinterested and distracted. John begins kissing Gabrielle's neck.

Gabrielle: "I feel trapped."

John: "You want me to open a window?"

Gabrielle: "No, I'm talking about my life."

John: "Oh. Are we done making out?"

Gabrielle: "No, no. Keep going."

John continues to nuzzle Gabrielle's neck.

John: "So what's up?"

Gabrielle: "I'm unhappy with Carlos and my marriage. I feel like I don't have options, and it's driving me crazy. Every time something went south in my life, I always had a plan B. Now I feel like I have nothing."

John: "What about me? Can't I be your plan B?"

Gabrielle: "Damn it, John. What is our new rule?"

John: "Stop pretending we have a future."

Gabrielle: "Thank you."

John: "Can't you just walk out?"

Gabrielle: "No, 'cause if I leave, then I'll be broke, and that's awful. If I stay, then he's in control, and that's horrifying. And he cut up all my credit cards, which means I'm married to him and unable to shop, which is probably the worst of all possible worlds."

John: "I'm sorry."

Gabrielle: "I'll figure something out. I'm not much fun today. I'm gonna go."

Gabrielle stands up and picks up her purse.

John: "Wait."

John pulls out his wallet and hands Gabrielle a credit card.

Gabrielle: "What's this?"

John: "You deserve nice things, and if Mr. Solis won't provide them, I will."

Gabrielle: "With your student credit card?"

John: "I own my own business."

Gabrielle: "You mow lawns."

John: "I make good money. You know, I have 20 houses, and I'm this close to getting the driving range at the country club."

Gabrielle: "I can't."

Gabrielle hands the card back to John.

John: "Yes, you can."

John hands the card back to Gabrielle. She takes the card.

Gabrielle: "I'll pay it off."

John: "If you want. But you don't have to. Mrs. Solis...to take care of you...it's my dream."

Gabrielle: "Well, far be it from me to stand in the way of a young man's dream."

Gabrielle tucks the card into her purse and she and John fall back onto the bed.

Lynette's House

Lynette is on the phone in the kitchen. She grabs her purse. She grabs books and notebooks and puts them into her oversized bags.

Lynette: "Okay, Tom, yeah. I will swing by the dry cleaners after I hit the market. Mm, I don't know. Porter has a dentist appointment at four o'clock, so the, um, car might have to wait until tomorrow. Okay, yeah. I love you, too. Bye-bye."

Lynette hangs up and opens the front door. Mrs. McCluskey is standing there.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Hi there. I brought you some avocados. I have a tree in back, but I hate 'em, and your family seems like the kind that would eat guacamole."

Lynette: "Um, Mrs. McCluskey, thank you. That is very nice."

Mrs. McCluskey: "So let's make up a batch."

Lynette: "Oh, um, now's not a good time. I'm, I'm on my way out. I have a ton of errands."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Oh, that's great, because my car's on the fritz, and I could hitch a ride. I need to drop by the pharmacy, anyway."

Lynette: "No, I can't. I'm sorry, but I-I have a lot of things to do."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Maybe you could take me later. I could drop by tomorrow."

Lynette: "Mrs. McCluskey, I'm not gonna have any time tomorrow."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Oh. Kind of interesting that you can't spend two minutes with me, but you have no trouble taking my Tiffany lamp."

Lynette: "Oh, for God's sakes."

Lynette walks back into her house shaking her head. She comes back to the door carrying the lamp. She hands the lamp back to Mrs. McCluskey.

Lynette: "Here. You should take this back. I-I don't have a place for it."

Mrs. McCluskey: "But that was my thank you for saving my life."

Lynette: "I know, and it was a beautiful gesture. Really. But I just-"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Save it, Lynette. I get the picture."

Mrs. McCluskey grabs the lamp and walks away.

Susan's House, nighttime

Susan, yawning, walks down the stairs in just a T-shirt. She sees her mother sitting in a chair with a man standing behind her rubbing her shoulders. Susan pulls her T-shirt down trying to cover her bare legs.

Susan: "Aah! Oh! Oh, God."

Sophie: "Susie, this is Tim."

Tim: "Sorry we startled you."

Susan: "Oh, uh, that's okay. I, I just didn't expect to see anybody up at a quarter to one."

Sophie: "Oh, Susie, you should have come out tonight. I met Tim here at the Islands Bar, and he introduced me to this crazy drink. The Dirty Volcano. Ahhh."

Tim: "Whoo!"

Sophie: "And then we danced, and he dipped me."

Tim: "Sophie's very limber."

Susan: "Uh, mom, could I just talk to you in the family room for a minute?"

Sophie: "Oh, sure."

Tim: "Susan is your daughter?"

Sophie: "Yep."

Tim: "No, she can't be."

Sophie: "Yes."

Tim: "No."

Sophie: "Yeah!"

Tim: "No!"

Sophie: "Yeah!"

Tim: "No!"

Sophie: "Yes."

Susan: "Okay, we get it. She looks young."

Susan drags her mother into the other room.

Sophie: "Oh. That man has magic fingers."

Susan: "What are you doing? I have a teenage daughter in the house. You can't just bring strange men you meet in bars here in the middle of the night."

Sophie: "We're just having a few laughs. What's the big deal?"

Susan: "I know you're trying to get over Morty, but this is not the way to do it, so can you please just go out there and tell him to go home?"

Sophie: "You know how blue I've been. Why can't you be supportive?"

Susan: "I have been plenty supportive."

Sophie: "No, you haven't. You really haven't. Now, Tim is my guest, and he will go home when I say so."

Susan: "If he's not gone in five minutes, I'm gonna go out there and tell him exactly how old you really are."

Sophie blinks at Susan, then nods slightly, and walks back into the living room.

Sophie: "Tim, it's time for me to go sleepy-pie."

Darkened Parking Garage

Mike Delfino stands in the nearly empty garage and looks around. A man standing off in the distance calls his name.

Detective Sullivan: "Delfino."

Mike: "Yeah. You must be Sullivan."

The plainclothes man hands Mike a file.

Detective Sullivan: "The file on Noah's daughter."

Mike: "Yeah, he said you had some leads."

Detective Sullivan: "Yeah, sure, we got some leads."

Mike: "Is there a problem?"

Detective Sullivan: "Gee, I don't know. I'm handing a confidential police report over to a killer and drug dealer. Why should that be a problem?"

Mike: "Thanks."

Mike walks away.

Detective Sullivan: "Is this what our justice system has come to? Guys like you walking the street without a care in the world?"

Mike: "I did my time."

Detective Sullivan: "Not nearly enough, you piece of garbage."

Mike walks back to the officer.

Mike: "You know, I'm glad we had the chance to meet, because apparently, I'm no longer a murder suspect thanks to you, so I don't want to seem ungrateful. But just out of curiosity, how much does it cost to buy off a homicide detective these days? Thanks again."

Mike turns and walks away from the officer again.

Detective Sullivan: "Hey, Delfino...one more thing."

Sullivan comes up quickly behind Mike, pulling out his gun as he does so. Mike turns around and Sullivan hits Mike in the face with the pistol. Mike falls. Sullivan kicks Mike in the stomach, twice. Mike tries to get up. The officer hits Mike on the head with the gun. Mike collapses. The officer picks up the file and leans over Mike.

Detective Sullivan: "Now, this file was misplaced. Understand? If even a whisper of this gets traced back to me, there will be one less cop killer on the street."

Sullivan stands and throws the file down next the Mike.

Detective Sullivan: "And for God's sakes, don't get any blood on the file."

He walks away, leaving Mike on the ground.


Restaurant

Gabrielle sits alone in a fancy restaurant, having lunch. She opens a shoe box sitting next the her on the table and admires her new shoes. Gabrielle puts the shoes back into the box and sees a man across the room smiling at her. He holds up his champagne glass to toast her. Gabrielle raises her glass in response. The waiter walks up to her.

Waiter: "Ma'am, I'm sorry but your credit card has been declined."

Gabrielle: "What? Oh, no, that's impossible. It's a new card. I just went shopping with it. Try it again."

Waiter: "Ma'am, I tried it three times and then I called the bank. Now, may I might try another card?"

Gabrielle: "Of course you may. Will you just give me a moment?"

The waiter nods, sets the check down, and walks away. Gabrielle grabs her cell phone and dials.

John's Apartment

The phone rings. John answers it.

John: "Hello?"

Gabrielle: "It's me."

John: "Oh, I've been trying to call you but you turned your cell off."

Gabrielle: "Because I'm in a lovely restaurant, having a lovely meal that I now can't pay for."

John: "Well, did you order already?'

Gabrielle: "I ate already."

John: "Look, the credit card company called my mom. I mean, they said that there was unusual activity on my card."

Gabrielle: "I bought shoes."

John: "Well, I didn't know that, you know, and then my mom starting asking all these questions so I just blurted out that the card was stolen, and she cancelled it."

Gabrielle: "Why would they call your parents? It's your account."

John: "They co-signed for it. Look, if you just explain to the waiter."

Gabrielle: "What? That the credit card was cancelled by my lover's mommy?"

John: "Well, what other options do you have, unless you return the shoes and get the money back?"

Gabrielle: "Return the shoes? I can't talk to you when you're being hysterical."

Gabrielle hangs up the cell phone. The waiter walks back up to the table.

Waiter: "So, ma'am, what you like to do about the bill?"

Gabrielle looks across the restaurant and see the man who toasted her pulling out his credit card. She smiles.

Lynette's Front Yard

Lynette is carrying a laundry basket, picking up toys. A delivery guy approaches her.

Delivery Guy: "Afternoon. I've got a package for your neighbor Karen McClusky. You mind signing?"

Lynette: "Well, isn't she home? She usually never goes anywhere."

Delivery Guy: "No one answered."

Lynette: "All right."

Lynette signs for the package. He hands the package to Lynette

Lynette: "Okay. Thank you."

Lynette tiptoes up Mrs. McCluskey's front steps with the package. She puts the package by the front door, pushes the door bell, and runs back across the street.

Restaurant

Gabrielle is sitting with the man who toasted her.

Gabrielle: "So let me get this straight -- you play tennis, you know wine, and you speak Mandarin. Does every other man in the world want you dead?"

Sam: "Well, I'm not that impressive. I pulled a gray hair out of my chest this morning."

Gabrielle: "I don't know. I'd watch your back."

Sam: "You know, I really enjoyed talking to you. You, uh, well, you made my day. I was thinking if you'd like to get together again..."

Gabrielle: "Well, Sam, to, to tell you the truth, I'm kind of in a relationship right now. I just wanted to be honest."

Sam: "That's perfectly okay, Tina. By the way, this is on me."

Gabrielle: "Oh, no, you shouldn't."

Sam: "Oh, please. It's my pleasure."

Sam puts his credit card on the check and hands it to the waiter. The waiter looks at Gabrielle who smiles back at him.

Bree's House

Rex and Bree set the table together.

Rex: "This is gonna be a disaster."

Bree: "It'll be fine." (shouts up the stairs) "Andrew, honey, hurry up. Dinner's ready."

Rex: "It's like we're setting a trap for him."

Bree: "It's for his own good. You'll see."

Andrew enters the dining room.

Andrew: "Smells good. What are we having?"

Bree: "I'm making homemade brat wurst with sweet-and-sour cabbage. It's a recipe I found in an old German cookbook."

The doorbell rings.

Bree: "I'll get the door. Honey, why don't you pour the wine?"

Andrew: "Isn't Danielle spending the night at Wendy's?"

Rex: "I believe she is."

Andrew: "Well, then, why did mom set the table for four places?"

Rex: "Huh?"

Andrew: "Uh, I asked who's coming for dinner."

Bree walks into the dining room holding onto the arm of a smiling, gray-haired man.

Bree: "Andrew, you remember Reverend Sikes, don't you?"

Andrew: "Oh, come on."

Bree: "Um, Reverend, why don't you, um, have seat, and I will get some refreshments?"

The Reverend sits down at the dining room table where Andrew is sitting and Rex is pouring wine.

Reverend Sikes: "Ah. So, Andrew. It's been a long time."

Andrew: "Yes. Yes, it has."

Bree: "Would you like some water? I have flat or bubbly."

Reverend Sikes: "Oh, bubbly, please. So, your mother tells me you've started having some sexual desires for other boys."

Andrew stares at his mother who smiles back lovingly. Andrew looks at the wine.

Andrew: "I don't suppose I could get some of that."

Rex: "Nope. I'm gonna need every drop."

Rex pours himself more wine.

Later...

Reverend Sikes: "And over the years, we've had so many young people come to our ministry hating themselves for their unnatural desires, and within a few months, they've found an inner peace and a tranquility that is nothing short of miraculous."

Bree: "Oh."

Bree reaches over and touches Andrew's arm. Andrew smiles back at his mother.

Reverend Sikes: "And all it takes is a little faith and a desire to change."

Andrew: "I'm sorry, but I, I really don't want to talk about my s*x life."

Bree: "Well, that's just too bad, because this needs to be discussed."

Reverend Sikes: "Bree, please, let the boy speak. Go on."

Andrew: "Well, I appreciate your offer to help. I do. But I don't hate myself. So, I'm good."

Reverend Sikes: "Son, I know what it's like to be a teenager. It's a very confusing time."

Andrew: "I'm not confused. I know exactly who I am."

Reverend Sikes: "Well, if you ever do want to talk, my door is always open."

Bree: "Reverend, I don't mean to criticize, but, it sounds like you're giving up."

Reverend Sikes: "We can't force him on a path of righteousness. He, himself, has got to want to make the journey."

Bree: "Well, then, what do we do, just stand by while he starts dating boys? And by the way, the correct word is not gay. It's sodomy."

Rex: "We're in the middle of dinner."

Bree: "So?"

Rex: "So can you at least wait till dessert before calling our son a sodomite?"

Bree: "How you can sit there and be so casual is beyond me."

Rex: "For starters, I knew this dinner was a bad idea the moment you suggested it."

Bree: "Well, at least I'm trying to be proactive."

Reverend Sikes: "Please, there's no need to get upset."

Bree: "I am upset because there is a problem here, and no one seems to notice it but me."

Rex: "As far as I'm concerned, if Andrew is happy with who he is, then it is our job to support him."

He nods at Andrew, who nods back. Bree stares at Rex. Then she turns to Andrew.

Bree: "Your father is into S and M."

Rex: "Bree!"

Bree: "He makes me beat him with a riding crop, and I let him. It's no wonder you're perverted. Look who your parents are."

Bree walks away from the table.

Rex: "Excuse me."

Rex leaves the table. Andrew smiles at the Reverend.

Andrew: "What a fun night. You know, we should really do this again sometime."

Outside Susan's House, Nighttime

Sophie comes running out of the house to greet Susan as she pulls into the driveway.

Sophie: "Hey. Hey. Good news. I know why you've been so furious at me."

Susan exits car and walks toward back of SUV. Sophie follows.

Susan: "I haven't been furious at you."

Sophie: "Oh, well, yes, you have, and I don't blame you. Men have been coming on to me left and right, and I just, I've been having so much fun and just enjoying life, and what do I do? I throw it right in your face. I'd hate me, too."

Susan: "Mom, I don't hate you."

Susan takes her bag out of back of SUV and closes the trunk. She and Sophie walk toward house. Sophie hugs Susan as they walk.

Sophie: "Well, be that as it may, from here on out, I'm including you in all the fun."

Susan: "The fun?"

Sophie: "Mm-hmm. Your mother's come through."

Susan: "What have you done?"

Sophie: "You and I are going on a double date tonight."

Susan: "What?"

Sophie: "Tim has a friend from the box factory, and I thought the four of us could hang out, have a few drinks, and hors d'oeuvres, and ..."

Susan: "Forget it."

Sophie: "Well, Susie..."

Susan: "Mom, I'm sorry. I'm just not in the mood to hang out these days."

They enter Susan's house.

Sophie: "Susie, sweetie, please, I can't cancel now."

Susan: "Of course you can. Just call them up and tell them not to come over."

She takes off her shoes at the entrance between the living room and family room. She glances into the family room and sees Tim.She also sees he is not alone. Another man is sitting on the couch.

Susan: "Tim."

Tim: "Oh hi, Suse. This is, this is my buddy, Lamont."

Lamont holds up a bottle.

Lamont: "I brought peppermint schnapps."

Susan is speechless.

Outside Lynette's House, Nighttime

Lynette opens the truck of her van. She looks across the street and sees the package she left on Mrs. McCluskey's porch.

Lynette's House

Tom and Lynette are preparing dinner in the kitchen.

Tom: "I'm sure she's fine."

Lynette: "She never leaves her mail sitting out there. I mean, how many times has she thrown ours away because we didn't pick it up the second it came?"

Tom: "That would be five."

Lynette: "I don't know, Tom. I think something's happened to her."

Tom: "Okay, so go over and check on her."

Lynette: "But if I'm wrong, then I'm sucked into a two-hour conversation about bunions."

Tom: "Don't go check on her."

Lynette: "Six months from now, when they find her mummified corpse at the bottom of the basement stairs, what do I tell the kids? 'Oh, yeah, I let Mrs. McCluskey die.'"

Tom: "Yeah, and why would they care? Like they're gonna miss the dry cleaning coupons she hands out on Halloween."

Lynette: "Tom."

Tom: "Listen, honey, what can I say? You're damned if you do, you're damned if you don't, so, uh, good luck with that."

Lynette: "Honey, I'm hating you a little bit right now."

Gabrielle's House

Carlos is soaking in a bubble bath while watching a ball game on the TV in the bathroom. Gabrielle enters carrying her new shoes.

Gabrielle: "Hi honey. Look at my new shoes."

Carlos: "Yeah."

Gabrielle: "Aren't they gorgeous?

Carlos: "Honey, I'm trying to watch the game."

Gabrielle: "Sorry."

Gabrielle walks to her closet and puts the shoes away.

Carlos: "How'd you buy new shoes?"

Gabrielle: "Shh. Talk later. You're watching the game."

Carlos: "No, I want to talk about it now. You don't have any money, so what's the story?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, you've heard it before. Girl meets boy, boy buys girl things, girl leaves happy."

Carlos: "What did you do?"

Gabrielle: "You know, I forgot how generous men could be. I also forgot I have options. A whole bunch of them."

Carlos: "What the hell are you talking about?"

Gabrielle: "I don't need your credit cards, Carlos, and I don't need your money, but if our marriage is gonna work, I need your respect."

Carlos: "I'm not ripping up the post-nup."

Gabrielle: "Yes, you are. Because if you don't, I'm gonna put on my new shoes and walk out the door."

Carlos: "You're threatening me?"

Gabrielle: "No, I'm just pointing something out. I'm a pretty girl, and pretty girls are never lonely."

Gabrielle reaches into the bubble bath, tosses some of the bubbles at Carlos, then walks out of the room.

Susan's House

Lamont is drinking. Sophie and Tim are laughing and dancing to some music on the stereo. Susan is sitting across from Lamont looking disgusted.

Sophie (laughing): "Stop, I'm really ticklish."

Sophie pushes Tim's hand to her butt.

Lamont: "So, uh, children's books, right?"

Sophie (in the background): "Don't! That tickles!"

Lamont: "Well, I hope you know how lucky you are. Not everyone gets to realize their bliss."

Susan: "Yeah, it can be rewarding."

Lamont pats the area on the sofa next to him.

Lamont: "Why don't you join me?"

Susan: "No."

Tim is nuzzling Sophie's neck.

Sophie (laughing): "I'm really ticklish. Tim! Come on!"

Tim: "What's wrong?"

Susan jumps up and faces Sophie and Tim.

Susan: "For God's sake, Tim, she's ticklish! How many times do you have to be told?"

Sophie waves her hand, brushing away Susan's remark.

Sophie: "Oh, pffft. This is so much fun come on, let's find another CD."

Susan: "Mother, don't you think it's getting a little late?"

Sophie: "Come on! You haven't even finished your schnapps."

Susan picks up her drink and downs it.

Susan: "The perfect capper to the perfect evening. So good night. It's been lovely, and, Lamont, good luck with all your inventions."

Sophie: "Well, it's only eleven-thirty. I want to hit the clubs."

Tim: "Well, I know a great place just off the interstate. Come on."

Lamont: "Let's warm up the old war wagon."

Lamont and Tim start going to the door with Sophie. Susan runs after them.

Susan: "Mom, hold it! You are not getting in a car alone with those two. You barely know them."

Sophie: "I have great instincts about people I always have, Susie. You know that."

Susan: "You've been married four times."

Sophie: "Yes, but twice to the same guy."

Sophie goes out the door and starts down the walk. Susan follows.

Susan: "Mother!"

Sophie: "Susie, please. You are embarrassing me."

Susan: "Oh, I'm embarrassing you?"

Sophie: "Yes, and I've had it. All night long, I've been trying to get you to stop being so crabby, and you refuse to let me help."

Susan: "And, and your idea of helping is, is letting Tim just grope you?"

Tim: "Hey! You shouldn't talk to your mother like that. She's a fine lady."

Susan: "Tim, could you just stay out of it?"

Lamont (to Tim): "Yeah, mind your own business."

Tim (to Lamont): "Hey, what's your problem, pal?"

Lamont (to Tim): "Dude, you were feeling up her mother. It pissed me off, too." (to Susan) "Come on, Susie. Let's go back inside."

Susan: "Let's go back inside? Lamont, give it up. You're not getting any."

Tim begins laughing. Susan walks back to the house. Sophie catches up with her and they stop at the front steps.

Sophie: "Why are you being this way? I'm just trying to lighten things up!"

Susan: "Would you stop acting like tonight was about helping me? You wanted to go out and have fun, and Lamont over there needed a date."

Sophie: "That's not true!"

Susan: "Oh, yes, it is."

She sits on the front steps and Sophie sits next to her.

Sophie: "Okay, fine, it's true. I wanted to get out and have fun. Why shouldn't I? You know how depressed I've been over my breakup with Morty."

Susan: "Yeah, I do, and that's what makes me so crazy. You know, the difference between you and I, that you could be heartbroken and you can just move on, and I...am just broken."

Susan buries her face in her hands. Sophie rubs Susan's back.

Sophie: "I know you're sad."

Susan: "No, mom, I'm not sad. And I'm not crabby. I'm devastated, and you keep acting like all I need is a couple of aspirin. Morty was just one guy in a series of guys for you. And Mike? He was the one. Why don't you get that?"

Susan runs into the house, leaving Sophie on the steps.

Mrs. McCluskey's House

Lynette walks in the front door of Mrs. McCluskey's house, holding the package from the front steps. She closes the door behind her, but not before removing the key she had used from the lock.

Lynette: "It's Lynette. Hello? Mrs. McCluskey?"

She goes into the living room and sees Mrs. McCluskey sitting in a chair.

Lynette: "Mrs. McCluskey. You all right?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "How did you get in here?"

Lynette: "Uh, Mr. Mullins had a spare. Why didn't you open the door?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Because I was hoping that you'd go away."

Lynette sees Mrs. McCluskey is wringing her hands.

Lynette: "Have you been taking your arthritis medication?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "I don't need to. Sometimes the pain goes away by itself."

Lynette: "Uh-huh. Is that why you didn't open the door? Because of your hands? Mrs. McCluskey, do you have anyone that could help you out? A relative, a friend?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "I'm fine!"

Lynette: "Okay. Okay."

Lynette starts to leave.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Uh, before you go, open these, would you? And, and put out the pills."

Lynette: "Yeah."

Mrs. McCluskey: "And don't get your hands all over them. God knows what your kids have picked up. Last thing I need is a case of pinkeye."

Lynette: "You're a piece of work. You know that?"

Lynette struggles to open the pill bottle.

Lynette: "Well, this is crazy. Why'd they give you childproof caps?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Yeah."

Lynette: "First thing tomorrow, I'm taking you to the pharmacy, and we'll get you new bottles."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Don't do me any favors. You don't even like me. I don't want you doing anything because you feel obligated."

Lynette: "Let me tell you something. Half of life is obligations. You don't want to go to your husband's company Christmas party, but you do. You don't want to sell candy so your kid's band can buy piccolos, but you do it. You attend your third cousin's wedding. You pick up the dry cleaning. That's life. It's obligations. And you are now my obligation, so tomorrow morning, I'll pick you up, and we'll go to the pharmacy."

Lynette puts a full glass of water on the table with the pills.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Gee, I'm touched by your outpouring of compassion."

Lynette: "We don't have to be friends. But we're two human beings living on the same piece of earth. We can at least try and help each other out once in a while."

Lynette puts a blanket on Mrs. McCluskey's lap and heads for the door. She sees the Tiffany lamp she gave back to Mrs, McClusky. She walks over and picks it up.

Lynette: "And you know what? I am gonna take this."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Fine."

Lynette: "I'll see you tomorrow morning."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Pick me up at nine. And don't be late."

Bree's House

Bree is sitting on the couch looking at a photo album. Andrew walks in, holding a plate with a sandwich on it, heading towards the stairs.

Bree: "Andrew, come here. I want you to see this."

Andrew: "Uh, what are you looking at?"

Andrew sits next to his mother.

Bree: "I'm looking at your baby pictures. Look at that one."

Andrew: "How old was I there?"

Bree: "Just four weeks old. I never told you this, but when I gave birth to you, there were complications. The umbilical cord wrapped around your neck, and you stopped breathing. The room got very quiet, and I knew you were in trouble. So I turned to the doctor, and I very calmly said that he was not to worry about me, that his job was to save your life. When I say I would die for you, that's not an expression. I mean it."

Andrew: "Yeah, well, uh, I'm gonna go eat my sandwich."

Andrew gets up. Bree gets up also.

Bree: "Andrew, please, just go and talk to Reverend Sikes."

Andrew: "Oh, for God's sakes."

Bree: "He can counsel you. It can help."

Andrew: "Mom, I don't need any help, all right? I'm fine. Why do you keep going on about this?"

Bree: "Because if you don't change who you are, then you won't go to Heaven."

Andrew: "You, um, you, you don't think I, I'll go to Heaven?"

Bree: "No, I don't. And I need you there. I would be so lonely without you."

Andrew: "Well, then, I guess I better go talk to Reverend Sikes."

Bree hugs him.

Bree: "Oh, Andrew. Thank you so much. You don't know how much that means to me."

Mike's House

Mike opens his door and Sophie is standing there. She is shocked by the injuries to Mike's face.

Sophie: "Oh, my gosh. Uh, are you okay?"

Mike: "Oh, yeah, I just, uh, fell down the stairs. I'm fine. What's up?"

Sophie: "Susan still loves you."

Mike: "Wow, um, okay. Look, this is not a good time for this conversation."

Sophie: "She just misses you so much."

Mike: "Sophie, I just found out that someone I was very close to is dead."

Sophie: "Oh."

Mike: "I've really got to figure out what I'm gonna do, so I just don't have time to think about Susan right now."

Sophie: "She's just very, very unhappy, and if you could just-"

Mike: "I really don't. I'm sorry."

Mike closes the door. He goes to a table where the file that Sullivan gave him is lying. He opens it. There are photos of the skeleton found in the toy chest and a picture of the toy chest. Mike scans the list of people who purchased that particular toy chest. Looking down the page, he stops when he sees the name "Paul Young" on it.

Church

Reverend Sikes is talking to Andrew.

Reverend Sikes holds up his hand as if taking an oath, his other hand on the Bible.

Reverend Sikes: "I swear before Almighty God I won't reveal a word that's said here today. Now, what's on your mind?"

He and Andrew sit down.

Andrew: "Well, here's the thing. I lied to my parents. I'm not gay."

Reverend Sikes: "You're not."

Andrew: "Not really. Look, all I know is I wanted to get the hell out of that camp, so I lied to my parents, and I told them that I was really worried that I was having feelings for other guys, and they did exactly what I wanted them to. They are such tools."

Reverend Sikes: "I'm sorry, just so I'm clear -- are you a heterosexual or aren't you?"

Andrew: "Look, I love vanilla ice cream, okay? But every now and then, I'm probably gonna be in the mood for chocolate. You know what I'm saying?"

Reverend Sikes: "I do, but God would prefer you stick to the vanilla."

Andrew: "I don't believe in God."

Reverend Sikes: "You don't?"

Andrew: "No. Sorry."

Reverend Sikes: "You know, your mother's gonna be devastated. She's been praying so hard for you to change."

Andrew: "Well, that's the good news. I am gonna change -- big time."

Reverend Sikes: "I-I'm not sure I follow."

Andrew: "You know what my mom said to me last night? She said she doesn't think I'm going to Heaven. Can you believe that?"

Reverend Sikes: "I'm sure she didn't mean to hurt your feelings, but the only way you can know Paradise is by repenting your sins."

Andrew: "When she said that to me, suddenly it hit me how I was gonna get back at her. From now on, I'm going to be so good. I'm gonna eat my vegetables, I'm,I'm gonna get good grades, I'm gonna say "yes, ma'am" and "no, ma'am." I'm gonna make her believe that God has delivered her this little miracle. Until one day, when she least expects it, I'm gonna do something so awful, it is going to rock her world. I mean, it is really going to destroy her. And when that day comes, trust me. I'll know Paradise."

Andrew smiles, gets up, and walks away as Reverend Sikes looks on, looking worried. Andrew turns and tosses the Bible he was holding back to the Reverend.

"Yes, life is a journey."

Outside Mrs. McCluskey's House

Lynette walks up to the house.

"One that is much better traveled with a companion by our side. Of course, that companion can be just about anyone."

Lynette knocks on the door.

Lynette: "Mrs. McCluskey! We're gonna be late for the doctor."

"A neighbor on the other side of the street..."

Mrs. McCluskey comes out her door.

Mrs. McCluskey: "I'm coming. Jeez, hold your water."

Gabrielle's House

Carlos approaches Gabrielle, who's reading a magazine in bed. He tears up the papers in his hand and throws them on the bed next to Gabrielle.

Carlos: "There you go. No more post-nup."

"Or the man on the other side of the bed."

Gabrielle flips the covers open to allow Carlos into the bed.

Church

Members of the congregation leave the church.

"The companion can be a mother with good intentions..."

Bree exits the church reaches to shake Reverend Sikes' hand.

Bree: "Thank you for a wonderful service, Reverend."

Reverend Sikes: "Thank you so much, Bree."

Bree turns to Andrew behind her.

"Or a child who's up to no good."

Andrew smiles at the Reverend.

Andrew: "Very inspirational."

The Reverend, looking worried, turns to watch Andrew walk away.

Susan's House

The front door opens. Susan comes out and walks to her mail box. She stops to stare at Mike across the street going to his mail box. Mike stops as he sees Susan.

"Still, despite our best intentions, some of us will lose our companions along the way. And then the journey becomes unbearable."

Cemetery

Noah walks slowly to a stone bench and sits down. All the while looking a picture of his beloved daughter, Deirdre.

"You see, human beings are designed for many things, but loneliness isn't one of them."

Susan is sitting on her bed, writing. She glances at a photo of her with Julie as a baby.

"Since she was a little girl, Susan Mayer wanted to be a mother in the worst way."

Flashback of Susan laying baby Julie on the couch.

Susan: "Oh, where's your bottom? You're so cute. Yeah."

"And from the first day she brought Julie home from the hospital..."

Susan walks away to get the baby powder. When she turns back, Julie is no longer on the couch.

Susan: "Oh! Ooh, how did you get down there?"

"She was."

Susan picks up Julie.

Susan: "Oh, my goodness."

Flashback of Susan grabbing the diaper bag and her keys and purse and rushing out the door. When the door slams shut behind her, baby Julie begins crying in the background.

"Despite her desire to do well by her daughter, Susan suffered through countless failures."

Susan runs back into the house.

Susan: "Oh, I'm so sorry! How did I forget you?"

Flashback of Susan pushing the playground merry-go-round with a young Julie standing on it.

"Of course, it took Susan a few years to realize even the best of parents make mistakes now and then."

Susan looks down to brush off her overalls and when she looks back up, Julie has fallen off the merry-go-round. Susan goes running to get her.

Back to Susan sitting in bed. She hears a tapping noise at the window. She gets up to check it out.

"But now that Julie was a teenage girl, Susan had started to realize there was no room for error."

Susan looks outside to see Zach throwing pebbles at Julie window.

She goes to Julie's room and opens the door. Julie is lying in bed with a pillow over her head. She lifts up the pillow when she hears her mother.

Susan: "Julie, what is Zach doing out there? I thought I told you not to speak to him anymore."

Julie: "I'm not. That's why he's throwing gravel at my window."

Susan: "All right, that's it. I'm gonna handle this once and for all."

Outside, Zach looks up at Julie's window. He reaches down for a handful of pebbles. Just as Susan opens the window, Zach throws all of the pebbles.

Susan: "Zach, what do you think you're-"

The pebbles strike Susan in the face.

Susan: "Ow! Aah! Oh! Oh!"

Julie runs to the window as Susan backs away holding her face. Zach sees Julie and waves.

In the Mayer's living room, Susan lies on the couch while Julie puts eye drops in Susan's eyes. Zach is there, also.

Zach: "Ms. Mayer, I am so sorry. It's just, one pebble wasn't working, so I tried a whole handful."

Susan: "Ow, ow."

Zach: "Look, I'll make it up to you."

Susan: "Oh, how? Are you gonna give me your corneas?"

Julie: "Mom, lay back."

Zach: "I just wanted to talk to Julie. She hasn't been returning my phone calls."

Julie: "Well, I'm here now. What do you want?"

Zach: "Come on, Julie. I just want to see you again. You know, talk, hang out."

Julie: "Maybe it would be better if we just cooled it for a while, okay?"

Zach: "Why?"

Susan: "Well, you just threw rocks in her mother's face. How's that for a start?"

Zach stares at Julie then walks out of the house.

Julie: "Thank you so much. I have been trying to find a way to break up with him for weeks. You finally gave me an excuse."

"Yes, Susan had failed many times as a mother."

Julie: "You did good, mom."

"So she took her victories where she found them."

Susan: "You're welcome."

Credits

Wisteria Lane

"Spring comes every year to Wisteria Lane. It's the time when flowers start to bloom, when butterflies emerge from their cocoons, when bees begin to search for nectar. Spring is also the time when a young man's fancy turns to obsession."

At a garden show, George leans over to smell some flowers. He looks over to see Bree and Rex off to the side. He walks over to them.

George: "Hello there."

Bree: "Oh, my heavenly days. Rex, look! It's George."

George: "It's nice to see you, Bree. Dr. Van de Kamp."

Rex: "George."

George: "So, how's your health?"

Rex: "Not good, and my cardiologist is an idiot."

Bree: "The doctor upped his dosage twice, and it's still not helping."

George: "I'm sure it'll all work itself out. You know, it's funny running into you both. I happen to have extra tickets to a bonsai exposition in Mt. Pleasant Friday night. Would you like to go?"

Bree: "I would love to. Rex?"

Rex: "A whole evening of bonsai trees? Wouldn't it just be easier to shoot me?"

George: "Probably."

George and Bree laugh. Bree puts her hand on George's shoulder. Rex notices how George reaches up and touches where Bree's hand had been.

Bree: "Well, why don't we just go by ourselves, then?"

Rex: "Uh, actually, Bree, we, we have that thing Friday night."

Bree: "What thing? We don't have a thing."

George: "I think what your husband is trying to say is that he doesn't want you going out with me."

Bree: "Rex, are you still jealous?"

Rex: "No."

Bree: "It's true that we dated during the separation, but George and I are just friends now, aren't we?"

George: "Strictly platonic. But if you feel threatened..."

Rex: "I don't feel threatened."

Bree: "Good. Then it's a date."

She takes each of the men by an arm and they begin walking slowly.

George: "So are you gonna make a purchase today?"

Bree: "Do you know, I have finally convinced Rex to buy his first orchid."

George: "Make sure you study up. I hate people who own precious flowers who don't know how to take proper care of them."

Rex: "You know what I hate? Weeds. They just pop up out of nowhere, and you have to work so hard to get rid of them."

George: "I find with the right chemicals, you can get rid of almost anything." (to Bree) "See you Friday."

George walks away.

Car Dealership

Gabrielle is walking around a blue sporty convertible. A saleswoman walks up.

Saleswoman: "Mrs. Solis. What a surprise. We haven't seen you in here in quite some time."

Gabrielle: "Yes, yes, I know. My husband and I went through a downsizing phase, but we've snapped out of it. Life is good. Oh, and this would make it so much better."

Saleswoman: "Excellent. Slip inside. See how that feels."

Gabrielle slides into the driver's seat.

Gabrielle: "Oh. I'd love to have this in my driveway by Saturday. I'm having a big barbecue. I want everyone to see it."

Saleswoman: "How exciting. What's the occasion?"

Gabrielle: "I'm throwing my husband a going-away party."

Saleswoman: "Really? Where's he going?"

Gabrielle: "It's, um, it's a sort of government-sponsored sabbatical."

Saleswoman: "How long is he gonna be gone?"

Gabrielle: "Eight months. Six with good behavior."

Gabrielle puts her finger to her nose as though something smelly is bothering her.

Saleswoman: "Isn't the leather interior wonderful?"

Gabrielle: "It is. It is. It's just the smell's a little intense."

Saleswoman: "That's because it was imported from Italy. It's one-hundred percent Italian calf."

Gabrielle, still sitting in the driver's seat, begins to gag, then vomits onto the floor of the passenger seat.

Later, Gabrielle and the saleswoman are walking toward the car while two maintenance men with face masks are in the car cleaning it.

Gabrielle: "I am so sorry. It just hit me out of nowhere. You know, it's so weird. Smells have been making me nauseous lately."

Saleswoman: "Boobs tender? Achy back?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah. Has it been going around?"

Saleswoman: "Only for centuries. I went through it all when I was carrying my oldest. The truth is, you're never gonna fit a child safety seat in the back of that tiny Spyder anyway. The four-doors are much roomier."

Gabrielle: "What, wait, uh, I'm sorry, you, you think I'm pregnant? No, I'm not pregnant."

Saleswoman: "Oh, you just have all the symptoms. I-I just assumed..."

Gabrielle: "Well, you assumed wrong."

Saleswoman: "Well, I'm sorry."

Gabrielle: "I'm on the pill, for god's sakes!"

Saleswoman: "Okay."

Gabrielle: "You know, and another thing, I don't want a four-door. I want a sexy little convertible, and I want to buy one right now!"

Saleswoman: "I'll go start the paperwork."

Gabrielle: "Well, not this one. I vomited in this one."

Saleswoman: "Right. We'll find you a fresh one."

Peterson Advertising

Lynette enters, holding a file. She nods to the receptionist as she walks by.

Lynette walks into Tom's office. She sees Tom and a young woman leaning toward each other over Tom's desk. Tom looks up.

Tom: "Lynette!"

Lynette: "You forgot your Halpern file."

The woman turns.

Annabel: "Oh, my god. Lynette."

"If there was one person Lynette never expected to see again, it was Annabel Foster. Eight years earlier, Annabel had begged Tom to marry her, but he told her he wasn't the marrying kind."

Flashback to Tom and Annabel kissing in the elevator. When the doors open, they separate.

"Then one day, Tom happened to meet a rising young executive by the name of Lynette Lindquist."

Flashback to Tom and Annabel in the elevator. Annabel kisses Tom then steps out just when a younger Lynette steps in. Their eyes meet.

"And after a few torrid weeks, Tom decided perhaps he was the marrying kind after all."

Flashback to the elevator door opening. Tom and Lynette are kissing passionately. Tom pushes a button in the elevator and the doors close as he continues kissing Lynette.

"...causing an embittered Annabel to move back to Chicago permanently. Or so Lynette had hoped."

Flashback to Annabel entering the empty elevator, carrying a box of all her belongings.

In the present day, Annabel approaches Lynette and hugs her.

Annabel: "You look fantastic."

Lynette: "Thank you. And you, you're here in the office. Tom's office."

Annabel: "Yeah, going on three months now."

Lynette: "Oh."

Annabel: "Didn't Tom tell you?"

Lynette: "It, uh, must have slipped his mind."

Tom laughs in the background. Annabel turns toward Tom.

Annabel: "Ah, afraid to tell the wife you're working with the old girlfriend, huh? I guess that makes me your dirty little secret."

Lynette: "Well, I'll let you get back to work. See you later."

Tom: "Can't wait."

Lynette: "Oh, I almost forgot. Your file. Here."

Lynette throws the file at Tom, hard.

Annabel: "Whoa."

Tom catches it. Lynette waves to him with a meaningful look in her eye and leaves the office.

Construction site

Edie is looking over blueprints. Mike Delfino is working close by. Paul walks up.

Edie: "Hey, Paul. What's up?"

Paul: "Something's been nagging me, Edie. I wanted to talk to you about it."

Edie: "Okay."

Paul: "That night I found you in my house -- why were you really there?"

Edie: "Well, you know why. I came by to drop off your key."

Paul: "Some things were moved around my living room. What were you looking for?"

Edie: "What are you talking about?"

Paul: "Do I have to call the police?"

Edie: "Do whatever you want."

Paul: "Suit yourself."

Paul begins to walk away.

Edie: "Okay. Okay. Susan made me do it."

Mike looks up when he hears Susan's name.

Edie: "She has this fixation on why Mary Alice killed herself, and she keeps blathering on about blackmail notes and dead babies. Oh, and she got really hot and bothered when she found the name Angela written on one of your video tapes."

Paul: "Did she find what she was looking for?"

Edie: "No, you came home before she had a chance to watch the video."

Paul: "I see."

Edie: "She sort of thinks you're evil."

Paul: "Thank you, Edie."

As Paul walks away, Mike walks up to Edie.

Mike: "What was that all about?"

Edie: "Susan Mayer's obsession with Mary Alice almost got me arrested. Now Paul's after her. If I liked her better, I'd warn her, but, you know."

Coffee Shop

Susan buys a cup of coffee.

Susan: "Thanks."

She begins walking to the door when she sees Mike coming in the front door. She searches for a way out and then sits down at a table with three strangers who stare at her. Mike approaches the table.

Mike: "Susan?"

Susan stands up.

Susan: "Uh, I'll talk to you girls later."

Mike: "Still avoiding me, huh?"

Susan: "No, no. What do you want?"

Mike: "I heard that you and Edie broke into Paul Young's house."

Susan: "Who told you that?"

Mike: "Edie."

Susan: "Well, yeah, we did. Um, we were just looking. It doesn't matter. It was dumb."

Mike: "Listen, I want you to stay away from that guy."

Susan: "Well, I was planning on doing that anyway."

Mike: "Good."

Susan: "Mike? I know why I was planning on staying away from him. Why do you want me to stay away from him?"

Mike: "I just know he's a bad guy. So, please, don't mess with him."

Susan: "I won't. I promise."

Susan watches Mike leave the coffee shop.

Bree's House

Bree is arranging flower when Rex walks in.

Rex: "So. I've been thinking about the pharmacist."

Bree: "George. What about him?"

Rex: "I don't think you should go out with him."

Bree: "Please don't be this way. He's the only friend I have who's interested in cultural things."

Rex: "Bree. I'm worried because he is obviously still in love with you."

Bree: "No, he just wants to be friends. He told me so."

Rex: "Well, what else would a man in love say? He's desperate to spend time with you."

Bree: "He does not seem desperate to me."

Rex: "I saw the way hands trembled when you touched his shoulder."

Bree: "They did?"

Rex: "When we first started dating, the same thing happened to me."

Bree: "I don't remember that."

Rex: "Listen, continuing to see him would just be giving him false hope."

Bree: "Well, I certainly don't want to hurt him...again."

Rex: "No. You don't. I even think it would be a good idea to switch pharmacies."

Bree: "Really? Well, okay. You know what I'm gonna miss most about him? George always has a way of making me good about myself."

Rex (sarcastically): "Yeah, he's a terrific guy."

Bree: "Honey, do your hands still tremble when they touch me?"

Rex (laughing): "No. But come on, we've been married eighteen years."

Bree: "Yes, we have. And you still don't know when I need you to lie."

Bree walks out and Rex takes his medication.

Drug Store

An employee, Ginger, is stocking the shelves. Gabrielle approaches.

Gabrielle: "Excuse me. Um, this home pregnancy test -- is it a good one?"

Ginger: "I guess."

Gabrielle: "Okay, um, do you have a restroom?"

Ginger: "It's for employees only."

George approaches.

George: "Oh, it's right over there, Mrs. Solis. Help yourself."

Gabrielle: "Thank you".

George: "What did I tell you about being rude to customers? You'll stick a smile on your face, or I'll keep you in back stocking shelves where no one has to look at you."

Bree walks into the drug store.

George: "Bree. What a pleasant surprise. What brings you here? Didn't we just fill Dr. Van de Kamp's prescription last week?"

Bree: "George, as it turns out, I won't be able to go with you to the bonsai expo."

George: "Oh. Why not?"

Bree: "I think it'd be a mistake for us to spend too much time together."

George: "Dr. Van de Kamp said something about me. What was it?"

Bree: "It doesn't matter."

George: "Please, tell me."

Bree: "He said you're still in love with me."

George: "That's, that's stupid. I'm not in love with you. I'm not. The truth is, I'm in love with Ginger."

Bree: "Ginger, the stock girl?"

George: "Yes. It's very serious."

They turn to look at Ginger, who smiles at them.

Bree: "Oh. Why didn't you tell me?"

George: "Well, we're taking it slow, but she is definitely the one."

Bree: "Oh, my goodness. Well, this changes everything. Listen, um, a friend of mine is having a barbecue for her husband on Saturday, and I think you should come."

George: "Really?"

Bree: "Yes, and bring Ginger."

George: "Ginger...I don't know if she can make it."

Bree: "Well, you have to bring Ginger, because if Rex sees the two of you together, then he'll relax."

George: "Oh. Uh, okay."

Gabrielle ( from the bathroom ): "Son of a bitch!"

She comes out into the store and sees Bree talking to George.

Gabrielle: (to George) "You are out of toilet paper. (to Bree) Bree, I'll call you later."

Gabrielle rushes out of the store as Bree, George and Ginger watch her.

Scavo House

Tom walks in the front door.

Tom: "Lynette? Hey, honey? Are you home?"

Lynette: "Three months?"

Lynette is in the corner of the room and frightens Tom.

Tom: "God, you, you scared the hell out of me."

Lynette: "Were you ever gonna tell me?"

Tom: "I wanted to, but I kept putting it off. I knew how you'd react."

Lynette: "Congratulations. You read me like a book. Why would you hire that woman?"

Tom: "Look, technically, Peterson found her. I just vouched for her."

Lynette: "Tom..."

Tom: "Come on, honey, I'm just helping her out. It's the least I can do. Look, she was devastated when I left her for you. I felt bad."

Lynette: "Do you still have feelings for her?"

Tom: "All right, I'm not talking to you."

Lynette: "Come on, you can tell me. You still care about her, don't you, just a teeny, tiny little bit."

Tom: "I was just trying to be a good guy. That's all."

Lynette: "Well, you can't work with her."

Tom: "What do you want me to do, quit?"

Lynette: "Talk to Peterson. Maybe he can get her transferred. I mean, weren't you guys planning on starting something up in Belize?"

Tom: "Honey, you're crazy."

Lynette: "No, I'm serious. If she stays, I will haunt your office. I'll bring you lunch every day. I'll bring the kids to visit. I will change diapers on your desk. Every birthday cake in the break room, every retirement party, I will be there. Watching her."

Tom: "Well, I better get you a parking space, 'cause she's staying."

Tom walks upstairs.

Susan's House

Sophie is hanging up beaded curtains in the doorway.

Sophie: "Don't you think it spices up the room?"

The doorbell rings and Susan goes to answer. She opens the door to find Zach leaving a potted flower by the door.

Zach: "Ah, I was just leaving you a gift to apologize for, you know, throwing gravel in your face."

Susan: "Well, you didn't have to do that."

Zach: "No, I kind of did. See, I want us to be friends."

Susan: "Yeah, well, that's not gonna happen."

Zach: "Why not?"

Susan: "Aside from you blinding me? You know, several weeks ago, you freaked out in my house. You screamed, you threw furniture around."

Zach: "Okay, well, I realize that I was out of line that night, but I was upset. And we have to get over that for Julie's sake."

Susan: "For Julie's sake?"

Zach: "How do you think it makes her feel that her mother and her boyfriend can't even get along?"

Susan: "Hey, Zach, Julie does not think of you as her boyfriend. In fact, I don't think she wants anything to do with you."

Zach: "She said that?"

Susan: "Yeah."

Zach: "I don't believe you."

Susan: "Believe whatever you want."

She pushes the flowers back into his hands and turns to walk back inside the house.

Zach (yelling): "Well, if she did, it's because you tell her stuff about me that's not true!"

Paul Young, standing on his porch, yells out to Zach.

Paul: "Zach! Come here! Right now!"

Felicia, next door, watering her plants, looks up at Paul's yelling.

Zach (to Susan): "Please. Don't ruin this for me."

Susan looks at Paul on his porch across the street, then walks into her house and closes the door.

Felicia watches as Zach walks back to his house.

Flashback to a conversation she had with her sister, Martha Huber.

Martha is looking at a framed photograph as Felicia pours coffee.

Martha: "How do you know Mary Alice?"

Felicia: "Who?"

Martha: "Mary Alice Young. She lives next door to me in Fairview."

Martha walks over to Felicia with the picture of a group of nurses. Mary Alice is in the middle of the picture.

Martha: "She's standing right here in this picture with you."

Felicia: "That's Angela Forrest. We worked together at the rehab center fifteen years ago."

Martha: "Don't be dense, Felicia. Don't you think I know my own neighbor?"

Felicia looks at the picture again.

Felicia: "Does this Mary Alice have children?"

Martha: "A teenager. A boy."

Martha sees the strange look on her sister's face.

Martha: "What?"

Felicia: "Angela and I worked together with a very disturbed young woman who gave birth to a baby boy. About a year later, Angela and her husband disappeared. Not long after that, I heard that the child was missing, too. People said it was just a coincidence, but in my heart, I always hoped that she had given him a proper home."

Martha: "Are you saying she stole the baby?"

Felicia: "Don't look shocked, Martha. It makes your face look fat. The biological mother was a drug addict. If Angela really is your neighbor, which I doubt, then that child was very lucky."

In present day, Felicia watches Zach enter his home with Paul.


Peterson Advertising

Annabel is having some coffee. She sees Lynette enter the office.

Annabel: "Lynette, hey. Oh, if you're looking for Tom, he's out with a client."

Lynette: "No, I actually wanted to see you."

Annabel: "You know, that's really funny. I was thinking the same thing. I've been here all this time. We should go out for lunch, just the two of us."

Lynette: "Yeah, I'll check my book. So, Annabel, do you have feelings for Tom?

Annabel: "What?"

Lynette: "You heard me."

Annabel: "Okay, you want to talk about this, Lynette? Let's talk. Yes, Tom and I were in love, but he married you. I'm not looking to break up a happy couple. Anyway, that's really more your speed, isn't it?"

An office worker enters and passes between them to get coffee from the table behind them.

Office Worker: "Morning, ladies. Just coming in for a little more fuel. Yep, one man's sludge is another man's liquid gold. Well, back to the trenches."

The worker walks between them again and leaves the room.

Lynette: "Watch your step! Tom and we're a team. Our marriage is rock solid. Nothing you do could ever break that up."

Annabel: "Then why are you down here right now warning me?"

Annabel leaves the room.

Church

In front of the church, Father Crowley is shaking hands as members of his congregation pass by. He turns around and sees Gabrielle standing behind him.

Father Crowley: "Gabrielle. What brings you down here? Oh, sweet mother of god, what have you done this time?"

Gabrielle and the Priest are walking down the corridor.

Father Crowley: "You're pregnant?"

Gabrielle: "Yes, and it's impossible. I am on the pill. Which I know you probably think is a sin, but it works. It's a ninety-nine point nine percent effective sin."

Father Crowley: "Well, maybe it's in that one-tenth of a percent that God resides."

Gabrielle: "Couldn't wait to throw that in, could you? Look, God is screwing with me. He doesn't like the way I live my life, so he's punishing me."

Father Crowley: "Well, have you done something that would warrant being punished? The gardener? I thought that was over."

Gabrielle: "Well, it was, and then, and, well, you just had to be there. Look, that's my point is I'd be an awful mother. I'm selfish, and I'm self-centered, and the only person more self-centered than me is Carlos. I mean, he's so self-centered that he doesn't even know how self-centered I am. We'd be terrible parents."

Father Crowley: "Gabrielle, I'd like to help, but I'm not exactly sure what it is you want."

Gabrielle: "You know, it's just, I want to know who to be angry at."

Father Crowley: "Here's a thought. Don't be angry. Be thankful. Children are a gift, are they not?"

Gabrielle: "I don't have time for this crap. I have a party to plan."

She walks away.

Construction Site

At the construction site, Edie looks over blueprints with some of the workers.

Edie: "Thanks."

The workers walk away as Lynette approaches.

Lynette: "Edie. Hey."

Edie: "Hi."

Lynette: "Wow, things are really coming along."

Edie: "Yeah, slowly and expensively."

Lynette: "Well, it'll be worth it. You're doing an amazing job. So, look, you're basically a predator, and I need some advice."

Later, Lynette and Edie are sitting together.

Lynette: "And I know Tom loves me, but I don't trust this woman. I think there's an agenda there. I don't know. Maybe I'm being paranoid."

Edie: "No, no. You did the right thing coming to me. There are two ways to approach this. Well, first I have to ask: what kind of shape is this woman in?"

Lynette: "Fantastic shape. She's gorgeous."

Edie: "Okay, now there's really only one way to approach this. You're gonna have to act fast."

Lynette: "I'm, I'm listening."

Edie: "Well, it's really pretty simple. When I feel threatened by a woman, I pull her in. I make her my best friend."

Lynette: "I thought you said you didn't have any female friends."

Edie: "I don't. And I've never felt threatened by another woman, either. But the point is keep your friends close..."

Lynette: "...keep your enemies closer."

Lynette's House

Tom is sitting on the couch playing with the baby. Lynette enters.

Lynette: "Tom. We're having a dinner party. I'm thinking of inviting Annabel."

Lynette walks out and Tom looks after her, a worried expression on his face.

Paul's House

Zach is washing his face in the sink.

Zach: "We're not moving."

Paul: "Susan knows something. Edie said she found-"

Zach: "I don't care what Edie Britt said! I'm not leaving Julie."

Paul: "You want to risk our lives, our future, over some schoolyard crush?"

Zach: "It is more than that. Julie loves me."

Paul: "Then why does she refuse to see you?"

Zach: "Mrs. Mayer lies to her. If it wasn't for that, she would be with me."

Paul: "Are you sure? You know, Julie's a very special girl."

Zach: "I know."

Paul: "She could have just about any boy she wanted. I think you're a wonderful kid, I do, but... you're not that special, Zach. Not really."

Zach: "But she kissed me."

Paul: "Lately? Let's just pack our bags and get out of here. We can leave this whole mess behind. We can start over. And there will be other girls, I promise."

Zach: "No."

Paul grabs Zach as he begins to walk away.

Paul: "If Susan goes to the police, it's over. They'll take me away. They'll take you away. Don't you get that?"

Zach: "If Julie doesn't love me anymore, then it doesn't matter. None of it matters."

Lynette's House - Dinnertime

Tom and Annabel sitting at the table laughing and talking while Lynette is clearing dishes behind them.

Annabel: "Oh, McGruder had absolutely no idea what was going on. During the entire ship for the Phaser campaign, he was practically holding Benson's hand."

Tom: "After the way that Burnham screwed him over, I'd be nervous, too, my god."

Annabel: "It was awful."

Annabel holds Tom's hand. Lynette sees this and steps between them.

Lynette: "Excuse me. I need to get in here so I can clear the plates."

Tom: "Hey, honey, you want some help with that?"

Lynette: "Oh, I'm good."

Lynette looks up to the stairs and sees the boys sitting there, watching them.

Lynette: "Looks like we got company."

Tom: "Hey, guys, isn't it time for bed?"

Lynette: "Oh, they never get to see you. Let 'em stay up for a while."

Tom: (to the boys) "Okay, come here. Come here. I want you to meet someone. This is Ms. Foster."

Annabel: "Hi."

Lynette: "She's an old, old friend of your daddy's."

Annabel: "Hey, what you got there?"

Twin: "It's a picture we painted."

Annabel: "Oh, let me have a look at that."

It's a picture the boys painted of their family standing under a rainbow.

Twin: "It's all of us with mommy and daddy. We're really happy."

Annabel: "Oh, that is so adorable. When did you do this?"

Twin: "Today. Mom told us to."

Lynette: "I just told them to paint something nice. The sentiment's all theirs."

Twin: "But you told us to!"

Lynette: "Hold on, honey. Grown-ups are talking."

Annabel: "Well, this is really neat. Hey, how would you boys like to paint my portrait one day?"

Twin: "Sure. You're pretty."

Lynette: "Okay, great. Uh, so like your dad said, it's time for bed."

Tom: "I'll take them back upstairs. Come on, guys."

Lynette: "Thank you."

She gives Tom a quick kiss as he passes by her.

Tom: "Uh-huh."

Twin: "I'm gonna beat you.

Tom: "Here we go."

Annabel and Lynette are left alone at the table.

Annabel: "I must say, Lynette, your home is warm and inviting, your children are absolutely precious. This whole evening was practically a commercial for the perfect family."

Lynette: "You think?"

Annabel: "You couldn't have planned it any better. And I mean that."

Lynette: "Good."

Outside Susan's House - Nighttime

Susan puts trash in her trash can. When she's done stuffing the bags into the can, she puts the cover on it, and straightens up. Paul is right next to her and she gasps.

Paul: "Hello, Susan."

Susan: "Paul. Hi."

Paul: "I understand you and Edie went snooping through my house."

Susan: "Huh?"

Paul: "It's okay. I'm not mad. So, what do you want to know about Angela?"

Paul's House

Paul serves a cup of coffee to Susan sitting at the table.

Paul: "It was Mary Alice's birth name. She was named after her Aunt Angela. When she was a teenager, they had a falling out, so she changed her name to Mary Alice. This is before we were married, so you'll forgive me if I'm hazy on the details."

Susan: "That's it? That's the explanation?"

Paul: "Ridiculously simple, isn't it?"

Susan: "She changed her name because she got in a fight with her aunt? Paul, that just doesn't seem like something Mary Alice would do."

Paul: "Neither did suicide, but we both know that she did it. So, can we finally put this behind us, or do you need to break into my home for anything else?"

Susan: "Uh, no. Um, I'm good. Thanks. Although if you wouldn't mind, I'd really like to see that videotape I found. The one marked "Angela." It'd be nice to see Mary Alice when she was young."

Paul: "I'm afraid that box of tapes was thrown out with the trash."

Susan: "Okay, then."

Paul: "Susan. I'm serious when I say I hope you'll leave my family alone now. This endless suspicion of yours has become very tiring."

Susan: "I couldn't agree more."

Susan walks out of Paul's house.

Lynette's House

Lynette, Tom and Annabel are having coffee in the living room when a cell phone rings.

Annabel: "Oh, that's my cell. Sorry. Oh, god, it's Peterson. Excuse me."

Tom: "Peterson?"

Annabel: "Hello? Yeah."

Annabel leaves the room, closing the door behind her.

Tom: "So this is quite a show you put on tonight."

Lynette: "Show?"

Tom: "The boys' paintings, all those references to how happy we are."

Lynette: "What's wrong with subtly reminding Annabel that you're happily married?"

Tom: "Because it wasn't subtle, and it's an insult to me."

Lynette: "I did not mean it that way."

Tom: "Are you so insecure that you have to pull that crap?"

Lynette: "Keep your voice down."

Tom: "It doesn't matter if she has feelings for me as long I am not interested. Have I ever, ever given you any reason to doubt me?"

Lynette: "Anyone is capable of anything. The first time we ever met, you were cheating."

Tom: "With you. Cheating with you."

Lynette: "It's a pattern of behavior."

Tom: "Oh, give me a break."

Lynette: "Well, what am I supposed to do? You hire your old girlfriend, and you don't tell me about it for three months?"

Tom: "I could have told you from day one, and you would still be jumping down my throat. No, Annabel is ancient history."

Lynette: "She's in the next room."

Tom: "How long do we have to be married, Lynette? How long until you actually trust me?"

Lynette: "I trust you."

Tom: "How many times have you said to me, "if you ever touch another woman, I will take the boys, and I will walk out of here, and you will never see us again"?"

Lynette: "Well, that's just something wives say to their husbands."

Tom: "Not all wives. God, Lynette, you're just so convinced that I'm gonna be unfaithful. It, it makes me sick. The distrust, the paranoia. You know, no, it seems like you're not gonna be happy until you drive me out of this marriage just to prove yourself right."

Tom sees the shocked look on Lynette's face.

Tom: "Okay, wait, forget I said that."

Lynette: "It's too late. You said it."

Tom: "Well, then, just consider it something that husbands say to their wives."

Annabel comes back into the room.

Annabel: "Well, Peterson's on cloud nine. He discovered some inside scoop on the Metro account. The bad news is we're gonna have to redo the entire presentation."

Tom: "Tonight?"

Annabel: "They need it first thing in the morning. Peterson says we might be pulling an all-nighter."

Tom: "Well, I can't drive. I've been drinking."

Annabel: "I'll drive. Come on."

Tom: "Thanks."

Annabel: "Don't worry, Lynette. I'll deliver him back to you as soon as I can."

Lynette: "Please do."

Tom and Annabel leave. Tom takes a long look at Lynette who has her back to him as they leave.

Gabrielle's House

A large gathering of friends and neighbors are in the pool area of the Solis's house. Everyone's chatting or eating. Carlos is working the barbeque grill. Gabrielle is standing next to him. Carlos hangs the tongs to Gabrielle.

Carlos: "Honey, take over for a minute. I'm giving my speech."

Gabrielle: "Oh!"

Carlos: "Make sure they stay pink like that okay?"

Carlos grabs a drink and walks away. Gabrielle holds her nose. Susan and Julie approach.

Susan: "Are you okay?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, yeah, I just didn't realize how disgusting meat could be."

Carlos taps his glass.

Carlos: "Everyone. I just wanted to say that it really means a lot to me that all of you came and as you know, in a few days, I will be taking a little government-sponsored vacation."

In the crowd are Bree and Rex, Edie and Felicia, and Sophie. Gabrielle is still at the grill, turning the meat.

Carlos: "Lucky for me, breakfast is included."

Crowd laughs.

Julie: "Oh, God."

Julie sees Paul and Zach.

Carlos: "The bottom line is, I'm going away to jail. And when a man goes away to jail, which I hope none of you here ever have to do, he sees who his real friends are. So, thanks."

Carlos raises his glass. Everyone follows suit.

Everyone: "Hear, hear!"

Gabrielle, still turning the meat, begins to gag. She holds her mouth and runs into the house. As she runs by Sophie, she grabs the bottle of champagne in Sophie's hand.

Sophie: "Excuse you!"

George and Ginger enter the party.

George: "Stay put till I need you. Don't talk to anyone and for God's sake, don't get drunk."

Ginger: "You know, I was supposed to go to my cousin's wedding today."

George: "It's not a wedding, it's a commitment ceremony. Now sit down and try to fit in."

George walks away.

Inside the house, Gabrielle enters the bathroom with the bottle of champagne and leans over the sink. She pushes the window closed.

Gabrielle: "Oh!"

She runs to the wall and turns on the overhead fan. She looks as though she is ready to vomit and leans over the sink again.

Gabrielle: "Oh!"

Outside, Julie is sitting all alone. Zach, carrying a plate, comes over.

Zach: "I got you a hot dog."

Julie: "No thanks, I'm full."

Zach: "They have a croquet set. Want to go hit some balls?"

Julie: "No."

Zach: "Oh that's fine. We can just sit here."

Julie: "Zach! I don't want to be your girlfriend. I don't want to hang out with you. I just want you to leave me alone. Okay?"

Zach: "Okay."

Zach walks away as Julie stares after him.

In the bathroom, Gabrielle pours herself a glass of champagne. She stares at it and sighs, then pours it into the sink. She looks over on the counter and pulls out her birth control pills. She places the container on the counter and starts to hit it over and over. She sees that the foil on the back of the package is open.

"In that moment, while looking at the pills that had been so obviously tampered with, Gabrielle's nausea was suddenly replaced by an even stronger sensation: rage."

Outside, Zach watches as Julie hugs a male friend. Bree is talking to friends and sees George approaching with a glass in hand. Rex rushes up and pulls George around. George's drink splashed onto Rex.

Rex: "What are you doing?"

George: "I am so sorry. That was an accident."

Rex: "Answer my question. What are you doing here?"

George: "I was invited."

Rex: "By who?"

George: "You know what, Dr. Van de Kamp? I don't believe I have to answer to you."

Rex: "See, I think you do."

Bree approaches.

Bree: "What's going on here?"

Rex: "He crashed the party. This guy clearly is not taking no for an answer."

Bree: "It's okay. George has a girlfriend. You brought her, didn't you?"

Rex: "He doesn't have a girlfriend."

George: "I do so. She's right over there."

George points at Ginger who is eating.

Rex: "That's his girlfriend?"

Bree: See? We were worried for nothing."

George: "So any time you want to apologize..."

Bree: Oh, come on, Rex. You owe George some sort of gesture."

Rex turns away then turns back.

Bree: (to George) "I'm sorry."

Rex: "Oh, what the hell?"

Rex pushes George into the pool. George grabs Bree's hand just before falling in, pulling Bree in with him.

Ginger stands there laughing, while the crowd is shocked.

Bree: "Rex, have you lost your mind?"

Rex: "To be fair, I only pushed him."

Gabrielle comes running out of the house.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, you son of a bitch. I am pregnant, and it's all your fault!"

Gabrielle holds up the pills that Carlos had switched. She slaps Carlos and stomps back into the house. Susan looks on, shocked. Carlos smiles.

Edie turns to Felicia, who's standing next to her.

Edie: "Wow! This is turning into one hell of a party."

Gabrielle is standing in her front yard. Susan runs after her.

Susan: "Are you okay?"

Gabrielle: "I think I can honestly say no, I'm not."

Susan: "I'm sorry."

Gabrielle: "Thanks."

Susan: "But you know what they say about kids: that you can't imagine having them until you do, and then you can't imagine life without them. It's true. All I'm saying is maybe this is a blessing in disguise."

Gabrielle: "I don't know who the father is."

Susan: "What?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah."

Susan: "So you mean you and John have still been..."

Gabrielle: "Yeah."

Susan: "Gabby!"

Gabrielle: "Oh, I know, Susan, but I don't know what I'm gonna do."

Suddenly, there's an explosion from across the street. It's Susan's house, and her kitchen window blows out.

Susan and Gabrielle scream.

Susan: "Oh, oh, oh, my god! Oh, my god, that's, that's my house!"

Gabrielle: "I'll call nine-one-one!"

Susan: "Yes, that's, that's, that's my house! Oh! Oh! Oh, my, oh, my, look, my kitchen! Oh, it's a big fire!"

Susan's House

A fireman, Susan, Sophie, and Julie enter the burnt kitchen.

Fireman: "Turns out someone left the gas on with candles burning."

Susan: "That's not possible. We don't burn candles during the day."

Sophie: "Uh, well, I did have a, a French vanilla candle burning earlier, but, but I'm almost positive I, I blew it out."

Fireman: "You're almost positive?"

Sophie closes her eyes and makes the motions of blowing out a candle.

Sophie: "Yes. I did. I-I did, I-I think."

Fireman: "Look, you're lucky the fire was contained. The damage could have been far more extensive. You've got to be more careful from now on."

Susan looks out the burnt window and in the crowd she can see Paul Young standing in his yard looking her way. Once Paul sees Susan looking, he turns and enters his house.

Susan: "Don't worry. We will be."

Drug Store

George is working with prescriptions. Bree enters the store.

George: "Bree, hi."

Bree: "Hi. You left the party so quickly, I didn't have a chance to apologize to you for what Rex did. Oh, George, I'm so sorry he humiliated you in front of all those people. I don't know what got into him."

George: "Isn't it obvious? He hates me."

Bree: "No, he doesn't hate you. He doesn't even know you, and you don't really even know him."

George: "Well, I know this much: he's not gonna let us be friends."

Bree: "Well, that's not his choice to make."

George: "What if he asked you not to see me anymore? What if he orders you not to?"

Bree: "Well, I decide who I need in my life, and I've decided that I need you, and that's all there is to it."

George: "He could make it awfully difficult for you to spend time with me."

Bree: "Well, who says he has to know how I spend my free time?"

They smile at each other.

Susan's House

Susan picks up the phone book. She thumbs through it and runs her finger down the page until she stops at a listing for Hafts Detective Agency.'

Susan: "I'm having trouble with the family across the street. I think one of them may have set a fire in my house, and I don't know why, but - I feel like it's got something to do with my friend who killed herself. I called the police, but they didn't take me seriously."

Susan is sitting in the detective's office.

Susan: "This family's got a secret. A bad secret. I think I'm in over my head. I need you to find out everything there is to know about Paul Young and his family. Do you think you can help me?"

Private Investigator: "As a matter of fact, I know I can."

The detective is the same investigator who helped Paul Young find out who wrote the threatening note to his wife that resulted in her suicide.

Wisteria Lane - Dusk

"Spring comes every year to Wisteria Lane, but not everyone remembers to stop and smell the flowers. Some are too busy worrying about the future..."

Lynette's House

Lynette is sitting on her front porch, holding the baby. Tom comes out and kisses her on the head before he leaves for work. Lynette looks worried as she watches Tom leave.

Gabrielle's House

"Or mistakes they've made in the past."

Gabrielle is on her porch reading. She reaches down and puts her hand on her stomach.

Garden

"Others are preoccupied with not getting caught."

Bree walks down the street looking around as though checking to see if anyone is watching. George is waiting for her and they walk away arm in arm.

Susan's House

A workman is holding Susan's new window.

Susan: "It's a window."

Workman laughs. Susan lets the workman inside.

"Or thinking of ways to catch someone else."

Susan turns to close the door. She sees Paul across the street staring at her.

Martha Huber's House

"Still, there will always be a few who remember to take a moment and appreciate what spring has given them."

Felicia is working in her garden surrounded by flowers.

Bedroom

"Just as there will always be those who prefer to sit in the dark brooding over everything they've lost."

Focus in on somebody holding a lighter, its flame dancing. The camera moves up to show that it's Zach holding the lighter as he lies in bed, looking at a small collage of photos on his wall, all of Julie.
Sophie, in her pajamas, is sitting in her bedroom.

"When she was younger, Sophie Bremmer was a hopeless romantic."

She opens a large velvet ring box.

"She was also hopelessly nave. Which is how she came to be married four times."

The velvet box contains four diamond rings.

"The first time, to a man who liked to gamble."

Flashback to a man pushing a diamond ring across a felt table in a casino.

"The second time to a man who liked to drink..."

Flashback to a man pushing a diamond ring across a bar.

"The third time to a man who liked other men."

Flashback to a man dressed in a bright flowered shirt pushing a diamond ring across a table in a fancy restaurant.

"And the fourth time, to the same man she married the second time."

Flashback to the second man pushing a diamond ring across the bar, then taking a drink.

In present time, Sophie looks at all four rings.

"Yes, Sophie was tired of having her heart broken, so she decided she would never get married again. And then, one night..."

Morty: "Sophie!"

"...she had a visitor."

Outside, standing on the front walk, is Morty.

Morty: "Sophie!"

Susan comes out the back door.

Susan: "Morty? What are you doing?"

Morty: "I, I, I need to, I need to talk to Sophie."

Susan: "Now? Are you drunk?"

Morty: "Uh, just, just a little. How are you, Susan?"

Susan leads Morty inside. Sophie watches from her upstairs window.

Susan leads Morty into the living room and closes the door leading to the family room.

Morty: "I got, I got to speak to, uh, Sophie."

Susan: "Are you crazy? It's one o'clock in the morning. She's sleeping."

Sophie comes downstairs and eavesdrops.

Morty: "I'm gonna, I'm gonna ask her to, to marry me."

Susan: "What?"

Morty: "Well, I thought I could be happy. The restaurant is starting to make money. I just, I just bought a new jet ski. My, my cholestrol is down, but none of it's any fun without her."

Susan: "Oh, Morty. I just don't think it's gonna happen. She's moved on. Why don't you just sit down. I'm gonna call you a cab."

Sophie walks in.

Morty: "Sophie."

Sophie: "Your doctor told you not to drink."

Morty: "Well, there are, there are times when you need, uh, when you need liquid courage."

Morty hands Sophie a ring box. Sophie opens it.

Sophie: "Oh! Oh! Did this ring belong to Dolores?"

Susan: "You gave her your dead wife's ring?"

Morty: "It's a, it's a three-carat diamond. I mean, she should, you know, she shouldn't care if it's used. So, what do you say, Soph?"

Sophie: "All right."

Morty: "Really?"

Susan: "Really?"

Sophie: "Yeah."

Morty leans in to kiss her and Sophie holds a hand in between them.

Sophie: "Oh, no, see, you gotta do it officially. You know."

Morty: "Oh, oh. Um."

Susan: "Yeah, um, oh, here."

Susan grabs a pillow and takes it to Morty. She puts it on the floor where Morty kneels on it.

Morty: "Sophie, would you do me the honor of, of marrying me?"

"Sophie Bremmer was still a hopeless romantic."

Sophie: "On one condition. Tomorrow we trade this in for a ring of my own. And I want a bigger diamond than Dolores got."

Morty turns to look at Susan, who gives him a shrug. He turns back to Sophie, a forced-look smile on his face.

"But she was no longer nave."

Credits

There's a montage of wedding photos of Paul and Mary Alice, Bree and Rex, Tom and Lynette, and Carlos and Gabrielle.

"Marriage is a simple concept. Basically, it's a contract between two people. It binds them together for life in the hopes that they can live happily ever after. Sadly, some contracts were made to be broken."

Gabrielle's House

In the living room, Gabrielle throws glass knick knack at Carlos. As he ducks to avoid getting hit, they smash on the wall behind him.

Carlos: "I did not mess with your birth control."

Gabrielle: "Really?"

Carlos: "Really!"

Gabrielle walks up to Carlos with the birth control package.

Gabrielle: "Look. It's been pulled apart and put back together."

Carlos: "It's probably a manufacturing defect."

Gabrielle: "You can still see the glue marks."

Carlos: "I'm telling you, I didn't do it."

Gabrielle: "Don't insult me, Carlos. You've been whining about wanting a baby for months. Who else would it have been?"

Carlos: "I don't, I, oh no."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "Mama."

Gabrielle: "Oh, please."

Carlos: "Hey, it's possible. I mean you buy that stuff in bulk, six months at a time, right?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah. So?"

Carlos: "Before the accident I told her how much I wanted a child and she said that she would take care of it. I just thought that she would talk to you. Baby, I am so sorry."

Gabrielle: "That bitch! I can't believe her."

Carlos: "I loved her, but even I had issues sometimes. I mean she could be very controlling."

Gabrielle: "Reaching out from the grave to screw with me. God, she's good!"

Gabrielle walks to her purse. She puts on her sunglasses.

Carlos: "Where are you going?"

Gabrielle: "I feel a wave of morning sickness coming on, and I want to be standing on your mother's grave when it hits."

Gabrielle storms out of the house. Carlos smiles and lies down on the couch.

Lynette's House

In the kitchen, Lynette is feeding the baby. Tom comes in.

Tom: "Hey, honey. I'm gonna be home late tonight. Peterson wants to take a bunch of us out for drinks."

Lynette: "Oh, that's fine. Uh, I wanted to talk to you about something."

Tom: "What?"

From outside, a horn honks.

Lynette: "Oh, that's your carpool. You gotta go, never mind."

Tom: "Lynette, what is it?"

Lynette: "It's, it's nothing."

Tom: "Okay."

Lynette: "It's just - we haven't had s*x in ten days and the longest we've ever gone before is nine."

From outside, a horn honks.

Tom: "Are you sure? I mean, didn't, didn't we do it last Thursday?"

Lynette: "We started to but then, you fell asleep."

Tom: "Is this why you're so worried? Because we can do it tonight if you want to."

Lynette: "Whatever."

Tom: "No, no, I've got ten days pent up in me. We are doing it tonight! You have nothing to worry about."

Someone knocks on the front door.

Tom: "Oh crap. You know what, I forgot my briefcase. Can you just tell them that I'll be right there."

Lynette: "Yeah, sure."

Tom runs upstairs and Lynette opens the door.

Lynette: "Oh."

Annabel walks in.

Annabel: "Hey, Lynette."

Lynette: "Hey."

Annabel: "So is Tom almost ready?"

Lynette: "Yeah, he's just getting his briefcase."

Two short beeps are heard.

Annabel: "Oh, sorry."

Annabel pulls out her phone and checks the screen. Lynette looks at how nicely Annabel is dressed then looks at how she is dressed in her old sweats. Tom comes down the stairs, kisses Lynette, and runs out the door. Annabel follows Tom as she turns and smiles at Lynette.

Annabel: "Bye."

Lynette: "Bye."

Susan's House, Outside

Sophie is smiling and admiring her engagement ring. Behind her, Morty is struggling as he carries Sophie's suitcases to his car.

Morty: "I got it. I, I got it."

Susan and Julie come out of the house. Sophie approaches Susan.

Sophie: "Thank you for having me. I'm gonna miss you both so much."

Sophie hugs Susan and Julie.

Susan: "Oh, us too. The house will feel just empty without you."

Julie: "Can't you guys just stay a little longer?"

Susan: "Oh, no.. no.. no. They want to get their new life together started. We don't wanna hold these crazy kids back."

Susan leads Sophie toward Morty's car. She opens the door for her mother. Sophie laughs while getting in the car. Susan goes over to Morty and hugs him.

Susan: "Bye Morty."

Morty: "Uh, listen. I hope, I hope it's okay but your mom told me some of the stuff that you've been going through with, you know, the plumbing guy across the street."

Susan: "She did, huh?"

Morty: "Yeah, um, don't, don't give up on him. I mean, if I, if I had given up, I wouldn't be here now with this lovely lady."

Susan: "Did she tell you that he served time in prison for manslaughter?"

Morty: "No, no, she left, she left that part out."

Susan: "I don't suppose she told you he was a drug dealer?"

Morty: "I don't, I don't recall that."

Sophie gets out of the car and approaches Morty and Susan.

Sophie: "Will you stop? You don't know the whole story."

Susan: "Mother!"

Sophie: "I went over there and I told him how much you love him."

Susan: "What? What were you thinking?"

Julie: "What did he say?"

Susan: "Yeah. What did he say?"

Sophie: "I think I walked in on him at a very bad time. Someone close to him had just died."

Susan: "Oh, God. Really?"

Sophie: "He could use a shoulder to cry on. Can I have one more hug? Please, I can't stand it."

Susan hugs Sophie. She looks across the street at Mike's house and sees him come out. He sees her as he goes to his mailbox and their eyes meet.

Restaurant

Bree and George are having lunch. Bree takes a bite of food.

Bree: "Mmm. Oh George. You have got to taste this. Mmm. It's a little messy but..."

George: "Mmm. I can't wait."

Bree takes a forkful and passes it to George.

George: "Mmm. Is that fennel seed? It's fantastic."

Bree: "I don't know, but anything that good has got to be sinful."

George: "Isn't this fun trying different dishes? Opening your mind to new experiences?"

Bree: "Mmm. Rex just hates these cook's stores. He likes to stay at home with the same old plate of spaghetti and a mug of root beer."

They both laugh. They both take another bite of food. George gazes at her. When she looks at him again, he looks down at his plate.

George: "So how about this marinara sauce? I think it's the best I've ever had."

Bree: "I had one better, but that was in Italy."

George: "Mmm. Been to Italy?"

Bree: "Um huh. Rex and I took a vacation there right before the kids were born. We had so much fun in those first few years. I guess it was just easier to be happy back then. I don't know why I just said that. No more wine for me."

George: "Maybe we should go to Italy."

Bree: "What?"

George: "Wouldn't that be a hoot? All those museum and cathedrals and fantastic retories. We could just make pigs of ourselves."

Bree: "I can't go on a trip with you, George."

George: "Why not?"

Bree: "I'm married. People would talk."

George: "You're right. I'm sorry. It's a bad idea."

Bree: "Oh don't worry about it. Here, I want you to try one of these clams. I bet they're as good as the marinara sauce."

Bree laughs as she holds a forkful up for George to taste. She sees Edie sitting at another table and she waves. Edie waves back and watches as Bree spoon feeds George.

George: "Mmm. You are absolutely right. When it's that good, it's just gotta be sinful."

On the word "sinful," Bree looks over guiltily at Edie who smiles knowingly at her.

George: "Mmm!"

Lynette's House, Nighttime

Lynette enters the living room, carrying the baby. The boys are on the couch, watching TV.

Lynette: "Okay boys. It's seven o'clock. It's time for bed. Excuse me, let's go."

Boys: "Why do we have to go to bed so early?"

Lynette: "I told you, honey. Daddy and I have a special meeting tonight. Go on. Come on. Love you."

The boys go upstairs, whining.

Later, Tom walks in the front door and puts down his briefcase, picks up the mail and walks toward the living room. Lynette walks up and grabs him from behind.

Lynette: "Hi."

She begins kissing the back of his neck.

Tom: "Whoa. Hi. Oh, all right, this is the tenth day. Hey, honey, give me a second the let the office wear off. Okay, I'm in."

Tom turns and begins kissing Lynette who fully responds. He picks up Lynette and sits her on the back of the couch. He stops kissing her and looks as though something is bothering him.

Lynette: "What are you thinking?"

Tom: "I was wondering what that smell is."

Lynette: "Oh, it's probably baby drool."

Lynette pulls off her shirt and falls back on the couch.

Lynette: "There. Now you have easier access. Whoo hoo!"

Tom: "Incoming!"

Tom falls on top of Lynette and they begin kissing again. om suddenly stops.

Lynette: "What?"

Tom: "Wow, that smell really, really soaked though, huh?"

Lynette: "Yes. It soaked through a little. That is the nature of baby throw up. Do you want me to wear a haz-mat suit or are you gonna be okay?"

Tom: "No, no, no I just like it when you're all clean and in your sexy clothes."

Lynette ( laughing ): "I don't own anything clean" (she hits Tom with his tie), "and sexy" (hits him again), "everything is either covered in baby spit" (hits him again), "or chunks of melted crayon." (hits him again)

Tom: "Okay, okay, I said I was sorry."

Lynette: "You make me feel like I just got off the shrimp boat, for God's sakes."

Tom: " Honey, honey, I said I'm sorry. It's just that, you know, guys sometimes like it when women, you know, put a little effort into things."

Lynette sighs.

Tom: "Okay, um, can we just go back to the kissing thing? Please, can we try that?"

Lynette: "Fine."

They begin kissing again. The baby begins to cry.

Lynette: "Okay, off."

Lynette pushes Tom off. The baby continues to cry.

Tom: "Okay."

Boys (yelling): "Mom, the baby's up. Mom! Mom! Mom!"

Mr. Shaw's Car, Nighttime

Paul Young is sitting in the passenger seat of the investigator's car.

Paul: "Susan Mayer hired you?"

Mr. Shaw: "I know. She decided to stop poking around in your life and call me, of all people. Lucky for you I've got the biggest ad in the phone book."

Paul: "What am I gonna do?"

Mr. Shaw: "Run. Pack up your kid and get out of town."

Paul: "That's tricky. My son doesn't want to move. He can be pretty insistant."

Mr. Shaw: "Well, I can throw her off the scent for a while. "

Paul: "Fine."

Mr. Shaw: "All right, then. Tell me exactly what it is you want this woman to believe."

Susan's House

Mr. Shaw is sitting at Susan's kitchen table, reading from a file.

Mr. Shaw: "She was born Angela. When she was a teenager she changed her name to Mary Alice. Now on my application it says that she was named after a relative that she no longer speaks to. Now, here's her birth certificate and her Utah petition for a legal name change."

Susan: "What about Dana?"

Mr. Shaw: "There was a record of another child, a girl, Dana Marie Young, died at eighteen months. Apparently from some kind of fall."

Susan: "It was all true, everything he said. How could I have been so wrong?"

Mr. Shaw: "Hmm. Well, I'm gonna need a check."

Susan: "Oh, of course."

Susan walks to her purse. While looking in the purse, she looks out the window across the street at Mike Delfino's house.

Susan: "Actually, before you go I need you to check into someone else's background. There's this plumber I know..."

Park

John is raking leaves. Gabrielle approaches him.

John: "Hey, did you get my messages?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah, I didn't want to call you back because I wanted to talk to you in person. I have some potentially upsetting news."

John: "Come on, Mrs. Solis. I mean, you can tell me. I can handle it."

Gabrielle: "I'm pregnant and it might be yours."

John looks shocked. Wide shot of John yelling and kicking the leaves he had been raking, He picks up the garbage bags and tosses them. Gabrielle shrieks.

John: "I can barely afford my new dirt bike. How am I gonna handle child support?"

Gabrielle: "I don't even know for sure if it's yours, so relax. And I didn't come here to watch you freak out!"

John: "Well, why did you come here?"

Gabrielle: "Because I want to make sure you let me protect you."

John: "From who?"

Gabrielle: "Uh, Carlos, your parents. John, something like this could ruin your life. That's why you have to keep quiet about our affair. There is no point in this catastrophe taking both of us down."

John: "Thank you."

Gabrielle: "Forget about it."

John: "I should have worn a condom."

Gabrielle: "Yeah. That would have been helpful."

Susan's House

Susan paces while Julie sits at the table with a file in front of her.

Julie: "You hired a private investigator?"

Susan: "I can't trust Mike and I want to find out what really happened. From a source that doesn't have an agenda. Now open it up."

Julie: "Okay. Ready?"

Susan: "Go."

Julie begins opening the file.

Susan: "Stop!"

Julie: "What?"

Susan: "Um, okay, If, if, if you find out something really bad, just try to put a positive spin on it.""

Julie opens the file and begins to read while Susan continues to pace.

Julie: "Okay. I have some good news and some bad news."

Susan: "Give me the bad news first."

Julie: "The guy Mike killed was a cop."

Susan: "Oh my God. Oh my God! Okay, give me the good news."

Julie: "There is none."

Susan: "What?"

Julie: "You told me to spin it. I did the best I could."

Susan: "Oh forget it, just let me look at it myself."

Susan picks up newspaper clippings. One headline reads "Drug Dealer Kills Cop." Another headline reads "Hundreds Mourn Slain Officer." Susan picks up a picture of an unshaven Mike, dressed in an orange jumpsuit, being taken away by officers. In the background of the picture stand an elderly man and a young woman. It's Noah and Kendra.

Susan: "I can't believe it."

Julie: "What is it?"

Susan shows the picture to Julie. She points to the young woman.

Susan: "I know her."


Noah's House, Outside

Kendra is on the porch overlooking the vast garden. She sees Mike and her father talking in the distance. She goes down into the yard to where Mike and Noah are.

Kendra: "What's going on here? You two just won't stop, will you? Deirdre's dead. It doesn't matter who killed her, just let it go."

Mike: "It's not that easy, Kendra."

Kendra: "Why? My sister hated you, both of you. She said so."

Noah: "It was the drugs talking."

Kendra: "Right, right. The drugs. Deirdre humiliated this family and she threw our love back in our faces. She knew it and she couldn't have cared less."

Noah: "Are you done?"

Kendra: "No. I want to know what your plan is."

Mike: "We're just talking."

Kendra: "I don't believe you."

Mike: "Then don't ask."

Kendra leaves.

Bree's House

Bree and Rex come out the front door.

Rex: "Of course, I don't want a new cardiologist, but Lee's been conducting tests for weeks. He should have been able to figure out what's wrong with me by now."

Bree: "Honey, we socialize with them. What am I gonna say to Helen?"

Rex: "All I know is I've never felt worse. And I've gotta do something."

As they approach their car at the curb, Bree sees Edie across the street.

Bree: "Um, I, uh, I have to talk to Edie."

She begins to walk away.

Rex: "Uh, Bree, we're gonna be late."

Bree: "Oh. It'll just take a second. I need to um, get uh, a recipe."

Bree runs across the street and catches up with Edie.

Bree: "Edie, hi."

Edie: "Hi."

Bree: "I saw you at Fredo's yesterday."

Edie: "Yeah, I saw you too. Naughty, naughty!"

Bree: "I beg your pardon?"

Edie: "The guy. The one you were spoon feeding. Not bad, a little petite for my taste, but then again, I'm not the one sleeping with him."

Bree: "Okay, this is exactly what I was afraid of. George and I are just friends."

Edie: "Hey, I'm not judging you. I get it. Rex was sticking it to that hooker housewife. It's payback time."

Bree: "You have got the wrong idea. That man is my pharmacist."

Edie: "You can have an affair with anyone and you chose a phamacist? You are such a Republican."

Bree: "I am not having an affair. George and I, we just talk. He's a very good listener and I share my hopes and dreams with him and my innermost thoughts, and, and that's all there is to it and you have to believe me."

Edie: "Okay, I believe you."

Bree: "Thank you. I'm glad we cleared this up. I know it must have looked strange and I, I didn't want you to think that I was cheating on my husband."

Edie: "But you sort of are."

Bree: "Excuse me?"

Edie: "Oh, come on, Bree. You're telling this guy your innermost thoughts, your hopes, your dreams? s*x aside, it sounds like you're pretty intimate with a guy who is not your husband."

Bree: "Oh, I mean everybody needs someone to talk to."

Rex honks the horn.

Edie: "Well, what's wrong with talking to Rex?"

Edie smiles and walks away.

Martha Huber's House

Felicia is on the phone. The answering machine picks up the other line.

Paul: "We're not home, please leave a message."

Felicia: "Hello Zach? It's Felicia Tilman. I do so enjoy our little visits and I haven't seen you for a few days."

Paul's House

Paul sits by the phone, listening to Felicia on the answering machine.

Felicia: "Hope everything is all right."

Paul picks up the phone.

Paul: "Zach's not feeling well."

Felicia: "Oh. Paul."

Paul: "And I don't think it's appropriate that he spends so much time at your house."

Paul hangs up the phone. He then walks into Zach's room, carrying a tray with two cups of cocoa on it.

Zach is lying in bed, dozing.

Paul: "I made us some cocoa. How are you feeling?"

Zach: "I've felt awful for two days now. Think I should see a doctor?"

Zach reaches for the cup nearest him. Paul grabs his hand and leads his hand to the other cup. Zach slowly brings the cup to his lips and drinks.

Paul: "It's probably just a touch of the flu. We'll keep an eye on it. It's this house, Zach. I feel it too. It isn't healthy for us to stay here."

Zach: "I told you. I'm not moving."

Zach is falling back to sleep.

Paul: "It would be for your own good."

Paul walks briskly to the bookcase in the living room, takes down some framed photos, and puts them in a suitcase.

Paul (voice over): "You can't keep running around doing the kinds of things you are doing. Susan Mayer's kitchen for example. People are gonna catch on."

Zach (barely audible): "Yes."

Paul: "Wouldn't it be great to just start over? Somewhere in the country. You could meet some new friends. Maybe even meet a new girl."

Zach falls back to sleep and begins to drop the cup. Paul grabs it.

Paul: "How about I let you sleep on it? We'll talk about moving tomorrow."

Shopping Center, Outside

Lynette, holding baby Penny, closes the car door. She starts down the sidewalk, passing by a store entitled "Nighttime Necessities." Lynette stops to look at the models in the window, which are wearing naughty-looking maid outfits.

"The lack of passion in her marriage had become an unpleasant reality for Lynette. Then one day it occurred to her the best way to fight reality was with a little fantasy."

Lynette's House, Nighttime

Lynette comes downstairs wearing the French maid costume.

"Of course, all the fantasy in the world won't do you any good if no one shows up to enjoy it."

Lynette poses on the back of the couch. Next she lies on the back of the couch, yawning. Next, she is sitting on the couch pouring wine and looking towards the door. Next she has a glass of wine and is walking around dusting. She tosses the duster and continues to look toward the front door. Next she is lying on the couch pouring the last of the wine into her cup and drinking it.She falls asleep.

The front door opens. Tom walks in with another man.

Tom: "Here we go."

Man: "I really feel bad about putting you out like this, Tom."

Tom: "You're not putting anybody out. You've been flying all day, why stay in some hotel. I just hope you don't mind sleeping on the sofa."

They approach the couch and see Lynette fast asleep in a very unlady like position.

Man: "Yeah, the sofa should be fine."

In the morning, Lynette is cleaning up breakfast when she knocks a cup over. Tom comes in fixing his tie.

Tom: "Hey, honey, why don't you just let the maid get that."

Lynette: "Oh, ha, ha ha, not funny, Tom."

Tom: "Oh by the way, Gary is showering. He asked if you could just bring him a clean towel and your riding crop."

Lynette passes behind Tom and kicks him in the butt.

Tom (laughing): "Come on."

Lynette: "No, I'm glad that you find my humiliation so entertaining."

Tom: "Honey, you were wearing a french maid's costume. I mean, c'mon, what were you thinking?"

Lynette: "I was thinking our marriage was in trouble and one of us ought to do something to try and save it."

Tom: "Whoa. Since when is our marriage in trouble? Okay so we haven't had s*x for a few days. Big deal, it happens."

Outside, a horn honks.

Lynette: "Oh, that Annabel. How ironic."

Tom: "How is Annabel relevant to this conversation?"

Lynette: "Because she now comes to this house every morning to remind of you of what I'm not."

Tom: "What?"

Lynette: "She's the fantasy, Tom. The hot woman that you work with every day. With her manicured nails and her designer outfits. I am the reality. The wife who never wears make up and whose clothes smell like a hamper."

Tom: "Okay, this may be the stupidest thing you've ever said."

Lynette: "I used to be the fantasy. There was a time that I didn't need a maid's outfit because I knew I was enough for you. Even wearing a smelly T- shirt. And clearly, that's no longer the case."

Lynette tears up.

Tom: "Okay, honey. I don't know what to say. Look, if there's a way for me to fix this I will do it. Just tell me and I will do it."

Lynette: "No there's nothing to fix. We've changed. That's all I'm saying."

Gary comes downstairs. From outside, the horn honks again.

Gary: "You ready?"

Lynette: "You should go. You don't want to keep Annabel waiting."

Tom leaves.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle and Carlos are in the bathroom. Carlos is in the tub while Gabrielle sits off to the side, pouring hot sauce into her salsa.

Carlos: "You be careful with that. You'll give the baby heartburn."

Gabrielle: "I can't get it hot enough. My hormones are killing my taste buds."

Carlos: "You've been paying more attention to your food than you have to me lately."

Gabrielle: "I plan on getting really fat as a tribute to your mother."

Gabrielle picks up her chips and salsa and hot sauce and walks out.

Outside, Gabrielle is sitting on her front porch pouring more hot sauce into the salsa. John's truck drives up. John gets out and Gabrielle runs down to him.

Gabrielle: "John, what are you doing here?"

John: "I've been doing some serious thinking about the baby."

Gabrielle: "Really? Why?"

John: "Because, there's a good chance that it's mine. And if it is, I want to do the right thing."

Gabrielle: "No, no, no. Nobody expects you to do the right thing."

John: "Yeah, I kinda figured you'd try to blow me off. That's why I'm going directly to Mr. Solis."

John goes past Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "What? Are you crazy? He would kill us both."

John: "He and I need to hash this out, man to man. It's what's best for the baby."

John tries to go past Gabrielle. She pushes him back.

Gabrielle: "John!"

John: "Well, are you gonna go get him, or am I?"

Gabrielle: "Okay, you win. Wait right here."

Gabrielle turns and goes inside. She looks out the front door for a moment, then races up the stairs. She goes into the bathroom where Carlos is just climbing out of the tub.

Gabrielle: "Uh, don't get out."

Carlos: "Why?"

Gabrielle: "Because, I was going to get in. Yeah. You see pregnant women have very strong urges."

Carlos: "All right."

Gabrielle: "Okay, I'm gonna freshen up, and I'll be right back."

Carlos: "Okay."

Gabrielle: "You sit. Sit. I'm turning on some music."

Gabrielle turns on the music, loud. Carlos smiles and sinks lower into the tub.

Gabrielle runs downstairs and out the front door. She locks the door as she exits it. John runs up to her as she turns back around.

Gabrielle: "Um, Carlos is unavailable at the moment."

John reaches pass Gabrielle and tries the door.

John: "You're lying."

Gabrielle: "John, what are you doing?"

John walks pass Gabrielle and begins banging on the door.

John: "Mr. Solis!"

Gabrielle: "John, stop it."

John: " Mr. Solis, open up!"

Gabrielle: "John!"

In the bathtub, Carlos is relaxing, listening to the loud music.

On the porch, John picks up a chair. Gabrielle runs over.

Gabrielle: "What are you doing. John! John!"

John: "Mrs. Solis, get out of the way!"

Gabrielle: " What are you doing? John, no!"

John: "Get out of the way! Mrs. Solis."

John holds up the chair up to throw in through the front window. Gabrielle sees her chips and salsa she was eating earlier. She picks up the salsa and throws it in John's face.

John drops the chair and falls backwards over the porch railing, screaming. Gabrielle looks on in horror.

Gabrielle: "Oh my God!"

In the bathroom, Carlos is still in the tub playing with the water.

Outside, Gabrielle is on the front lawn helping John up.

John (holding his eyes): "My God! It burns."

Gabrielle: "Oh. I'm sorry. But it's just salsa."

John: "It feels like acid!"

Gabrielle: "Really? I'm been finding it so bland."

John (yelling): "Mr. Solis!"

Gabrielle: "John!"

John: "Mr. Solis, come out here I need to talk to you!"

Gabrielle: "John! Shut up! Shut the hell up! Listen to me. You are never gonna be the father of this baby. No matter what the paternity tests say, it's Carlos' child."

John: "How can you say that?"

Gabrielle: "Because Carlos can provide, John. He will give this baby everything. Piano lessons and summer camp and, and the best colleges. He can raise this child the way a child deserves to be raised. You can't."

John: "This isn't about money. Okay, this is about what is best for the baby."

Gabrielle: "If you want what's best for the baby then you will help me. Okay? Help me to make sure that this kid does not grow up poor like I did."

Carlos come out on the front porch, dressed in a robe.

Carlos: "What's taking you? Oh, hey John. What are you doing here?"

Gabrielle: "Uh, he..."

John: "Justin was thinking the hydrangeas needed replacing. He wanted me to come by for a second opinion."

Carlos: "Your friend is a good kid. But he's not half the gardener you were. You should come back and work for us. I mean, you're practically family."

John: "Thanks, Mr. Solis."

John looks at Carlos smiling, then at the worried look on Gabrielle's face, then walks away.

Martha Huber's House, Outside

Felicia sits on the front porch, reading. She sees Paul get into his car and drive away. She then goes to his house and rings the bell.

Felicia: "Zach. Are you here?"

Felicia then opens the garage door and goes into the house. She sees the living room is filled with packed boxes. She goes into Zach's room and sees him fast asleep. She runs to him and pulls him over. She listens to his breathing and takes his pulse.

Felicia then goes to the kitchen, searching the cupboards. She opens a drawer and pulls out an oven mitt. She puts her hand inside and pulls out a pill bottle. She goes back into Zach's room and holds his head in her hands.

Felicia: "I have to do this, dear. I know you will forgive me."

Felicia slaps Zach, hard. He awakens.

Felicia helps Zach walk out of the house, supporting him as he stumbles. Inside, by the drawer where she found the oven mitt, she left the drawer open and left a note on the counter above the drawer. The note reads: "Paul. Zach is with me. Felicia."

Lynette's House, Nighttime

Lynette is sitting on the couch reading a magazine. Tom walks in.

Tom: "Hey."

Lynette: "Hey."

Tom: "Are the boys asleep?"

Lynette: "Tucked in tight."

Tom: "And Penny?"

Lynette: "Sound asleep."

Tom pulls a timer out of his pocket. He winds it up and puts it on the couch next to Lynette.

Tom: "Okay, when this thing goes off, meet me in the bedroom."

Tom begins going upstairs.

Lynette: "Tom, what is this?"

Tom: "Ah ah ah ah. Wait till it goes off."

Tom runs upstairs. Later, Lynette stands outside the bedroom door, holding the ticking timer. It goes off.

Lynette: "All right. I'm coming in."

She enters the bedroom looking for Tom. He steps into the lighted doorway of the bathroom, dressed in the briefest of briefs.

Lynette: "Ahhhh! Oh my God!!"

Tom: "You want fantasy, I give you fantasy."

Lynette: "Oh!"

Tom: "Come to me woman. Prepare to be boarded."

Lynette laughs delightedly. Tom makes a beeline for the bed.

Tom: "Please, will you make it fast, these things are just chaffing.

Lynette: "Ah. I, uh, I kinda like it."

Tom: "Kill the lights."

Lynette: "No."

Tom: "Please"

Lynette: "I'm not turning off the lights."

Tom: "Please."

Lynette: "No."

Tom: "Oh, please."

Lynette: "No, no, no."

She jumps on top of Tom and begins kissing him.

Martha Huber's House, Nighttime

Felicia is sitting at her kitchen table having coffee. She glances at a stack of papers on the table beside her. There's a knock on the door.

Felicia: "It's open. Oh, Paul, it's you. I'm so glad. I have some papers I want you to look at."

Paul: "Where's my son?"

Felicia: "Upstairs. Sleeping off those tranquilizers you gave him."

Paul: "I don't know what you think you are doing but I'm taking my son and going."

Felicia: "I am not my sister, Paul, you do not want to screw with me. Martha kept a journal. Every drab event of her drab life meticulously documented. Including her discover that you and your wife stole a baby. A baby named Dana."

Paul picks up several sheets of the papes of Martha's journal. Portions of the pages are highlighted.

Felicia: "I'm sorry if the copies are hard to read. I hid the originals in a safe place. It seemed like a reasonable precaution since you murdered Martha and all. Would you like a cookie?"

Paul sits down, looking over the papers.

Felicia: "Suit yourself. Now I have a little proposition for you."

Paul: "These are the fantasies of a bored lonely woman. They prove nothing."

Paul begins getting up. Felicia puts her hand on his arm and stops him.

Felicia: "The only reason the police haven't caught you yet is because they have no reason to suspect you. But once they find out that Martha was blackmailing Angela, sorry, Mary Alice."

Paul: "What is it you want?"

Felicia: "The same thing you want. For you to leave town, change your name, and start your life over again somewhere far away from here."

Paul: "If you're so sure of yourself, why don't you just turn me in?"

Felicia: "Because Zach would never forgive me. And it's important that we be on good terms, seeing as how he's gonna be living with me now."

Paul: "What?"

Felicia: "Your bags are packed. You're about to become a fugitive. Is that the kind of life you want for your son? The two of you spending every night in a different town? No. You're a better father than that."

Paul: "I can't just leave him."

Felicia: "You stole him so that he could have a better life. That was a noble act, Paul. Truly. And it's time for you to be noble again."

Paul: "Can I at least say goodbye?"

Felicia: "Did you allow me to say goodbye to Martha?"

Paul turns to look at Felicia. He walks out of the house and slams the door. Felicia pulls up her right hand, which had been under the table. In her hand is a large kitchen knife. She heaves a sigh.

Noah's House, Outside

Susan drives up to Kendra's home. A security guard comes running up to Susan's car.

Susan: "Oh, hi. Um, I'm looking for Kendra Taylor."

Security Guard: "I'm sorry. You're gonna have to leave."

Susan: "Oh. Oh, you don't understand."

Susan starts getting out of the car.

Susan: "See, I can't just drive away."

The security guard comes around to the driver's side.

Security Guard: "Please, back in the car."

Susan gets out of the car and walks up to him. She looks at his nametag.

Susan: "Look, um, Bob. Let me try to explain."

Bob: "In the car."

Susan: "See, the thing is, this is maybe my last chance to find out if I can be with the man I love."

Bob: "Ma'am."

She puts her hands on his shoulders.

Susan: "And, Bob, I can't begin to tell you how much that means to me. So I'm gonna walk up to that house and you're gonna let me and you know why? Because behind that badge and that just big you could crush me like a fly' chest, there's a heart. A heart that believes in love."

Bob slams Susan on the hood of her car with her hands behind her.

Bob: "Just get in the damn car!"

Susan: "It's not my fault you don't have love in your life."

Kendra walks up.

Kendra: "Susan?"

Susan: "Hi, Kendra."

She waves with her free hand.

Later, Susan, Kendra, and Noah are sitting on the porch. She has Mike's file open on the table.

Susan: "And despite the evidence, despite all that's been laid out in front of me, I just can't help thinking there's more to the story. Does it sound stupid?"

Kendra: "No, no, of course not."

Noah: "Unfortunately, you've got the whole story right here."

Noah pushes the file back to Susan. Kendra turns away and get up.

Susan: "But Mike's lawyer pleaded self defense and if that's the case-"

Noah: "Delfino sold black tar heroin to my daughter. He killed the cop that tried to bust him. Got convicted and did his time. End of story."

Kendra: "Dad."

Noah: "She deserves to hear the truth, however, awful. I'm sorry, Ms. Mayer. I really am."

Susan: "I, I appreciate you talking to me."

Susan grabs the file and walks away.

Kendra: "What the hell was that?"

Noah: "If she knew the truth she'd go running back to him. She might talk him out of doing his job. I can't risk that. I just don't have the time."

Noah kisses Kendra's forehead and walks into the house.

Susan gets into her car. She tosses her purse and the file onto the floor. She starts the engine. Kendra runs up and gets into the passenger seat.

Kendra: "Quick, drive around the corner. We need to talk."

Bree's House

Rex and Bree are sitting in their living room. Rex is doing a crossword puzzle and Bree is knitting.

Bree: "What do you think, Rex? I chose green so that it will work whether Gabrielle has a boy or a girl."

Rex (distracted): "That's great."

Bree: "What's the matter. You've been mopey all day."

Rex: "I'm sorry. I'm just worried about the test results. If I don't find out what's wrong with me soon, I'm gonna lose my mind."

Bree: "Oh, honey."

Rex: "You must get tired of hearing me complain."

Bree: "No, no not at all. I think we should talk about it. In fact, I think, maybe, we don't talk enough."

Rex: "I guess."

Bree: "Why don't we start doing things together again, as a couple."

Rex: "Mm hmm."

Bree: "I think that as soon as you're well enough we should go on a vacation. Take a trip, go somewhere fun. Remember our trip to Italy?"

Rex: "Yeah, sort of."

Bree: "Sort of? You don't remember the glorious food and the gorgeous scenery and -"

Rex: "What I remember is sweating like a pig and wishing we hadn't spent all our savings. So, where would you like to go?"

Bree: "It doesn't matter. You decide."

Susan's Car

Kendra: "Mike wasn't a drug dealer."

Susan: "What?"

Kendra: "Deirdre was. Mike, he, he kicked the habit early on, but Deirdre couldn't, or didn't want to. I don't know. Anyway, she spiraled out of control and was in and out of jail. One day, an undercover cop caught her using and he forced her to trade s*x for freedom. Look, Mike found out about it and he tried to put a stop to it. He busted in on the two of them. He, the cop pulled a gun on him and Mike fought him off but they both went over the balcony. Mike was the only one that got back up."

Susan: "It was self defense?"

Kendra: "Yeah."

Susan begins to cry.

Kendra: "Mike went to jail trying to save my sister. But he couldn't."

Susan: "I knew he was good. I just knew it. Thank you."

Jewelry Shop

A jeweler opens a ring box. Sophie puts on the ring and hugs Morty.

"The vow is simple, really. Those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse."

The jeweler hands Morty the bill.

"For richer or for poorer."

Doctor's Office

"In sickness and in health."

Bree stands beside Rex in a hospital examing room.

Lynette's House, Outside

"To honor and to cherish."

Tom and Lynette share a passionate goodbye kiss before Tom goes off to work.

Gabrielle's House, Outside

"Forsaking all others."

Carlos and Gabrielle hug each other on their front porch. Gabrielle catches John's eye as he mows the lawn across the street. She kisses Carlos.

Paul's House

"Until death do us part."

Paul looks at a wedding photo of himself with Mary Alice, then places it in a suitcase.

Mike's House, Outside

"Yes, the vow is simple."

Mike is walking from his car to his house. Susan is running across the street toward him. She runs up to him and begins talking.

"Finding someone worthy of such a promise is the hard part."

Susan grabs Mike and kisses him. Mike wraps his arms around Susan and returns the kiss.

"But if we can, that's when we begin to live happily ever after."

Edie Britt sits in her car at the construction site. She checks her appearance in the rearview mirror, then gets out of the car.

"Edie Britt's favorite moment of every day was her arrival at the construction site of her new home, because she knew what was about to happen. Her sudden appearance was always sure to generate a few appreciative glances, a few lascivious looks, and some downright ogling. Sadly for Edie, the one man she wanted most to notice her..."

Edie looks across the street to where Mike Delfino is bringing in the newspaper. She smiles and raises her hand in greeting, but he doesn't notice her.

"...paid her no attention at all. Yes, Edie needed attention to feel good about herself and she was determined to get it."

A construction worker walks over to her.

Cyrus: "Ms. Britt, you look extra beautiful today."

Edie: "Oh, Cyrus, you're so sweet."

Cyrus: "So anyhow, I, I was wondering if maybe I could, uh, take you out to dinner sometime."

Edie: "Oh honey, you are so far out of your league that you are playing a completely different sport."

She takes a box of doughnuts from the top of his car and walks across the street, where she knocks on Mike's door. Mike answers.

Edie: "Hey, there."

Mike: "Hi Edie. What's up?"

Edie: "Nice ensemble, you busy?"

Mike: "No, not really."

Edie: "Oh good, I bought a bunch of fresh doughnuts for my construction workers and as you can see, I bought a few too many, so I thought maybe you and I could -"

Susan appears at the doorway, next to Mike.

Edie: "Susan!"

Susan: "Hey there Edie."

Edie: "What are you -"

Susan: "Mike and I got back together."

Edie: "Super."

Susan: "I knew you'd be happy for us. So what's going on?"

Mike: "Uh, Edie was just about to -"

Edie: "Free doughnuts. Want em' or not?"

Susan: "How sweet, thanks. Why don't you go put these on a plate? Oh, and save me one with sprinkles."

Mike goes into the kitchen.

Susan: "I cannot believe you are still coming onto him."

Edie: "You said you two were finished. You thought he was a murderer."

Susan: "And that was your cue to come over and flirt? You wasted your time and your doughnuts."

Edie: "Not if you choke on them."

Mike: "Well, thanks Edie. The doughnuts look great."

Edie: "Pleasure. See ya."

Susan: "You know, I'm gonna run home and get some milk to go with those doughnuts."

Mike: "Hey, you know it's, it's a shame you got to keep running back and forth."

Susan: "Well, I can't have doughnuts and juice. It's unnatural."

Mike: "No, I mean we should move in together. Come on, what do you say?"

Susan: "Um, I say, oh! Hold that thought. Edie, Edie stop! Stop! Hang on."

Edie: "What now?"

Susan: "Oh, I was just rude back there gloating and everything and I apologize."

Edie: "Well, thank you, Susan. Very big of you."

Susan: "And on a completely unrelated topic, Mike and I are moving in together. See ya."

She runs back to Mike.

"Yes, Edie Britt needed the attention of men to feel good about herself."

Edie pulls up in her car to the construction site.

Edie: "Hey, Cyrus. You have lunch plans?"

Cyrus: "No."

"And even she was amazed at how far she was willing to go to get it."

Edie: "Ellsberg Hotel. Half an hour. Welcome to the majors."

She drives off.

Credits

Wisteria Lane, Outside

"Mr. And Mrs. Edward Mullins were finally leaving Wisteria Lane. In the past year their street had played host to arson, violence, blackmail, and murder. Fearing they too would be infected by this moral decay, the Mullins felt it was time to say goodbye. Strangely enough none of their neighbors seemed to notice they were moving out."

The Mullins get into their packed car and drive off.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle comes out of her house to where Justin is mowing the front lawn.

Gabrielle: "Hey, I thought you might be thirsty."

Justin: "No, I'm good."

Gabrielle: "So, how's your roommate doing?"

Justin: "He's hanging in there."

Gabrielle: "Well, uh, I had to, um, tell him some news that was a little bit upsetting for him."

Justin: "No kidding."

Gabrielle: "Excuse me?"

Justin: "Where do you get off telling John he's not good enough to raise a child? That kid can be his."

Gabrielle: "It is a complicated situation."

Justin: "It seems pretty simple to me. You're an unfeeling bitch."

From inside the house, Carlos looks out of the window and sees Gabrielle slap Justin across the face. Gabrielle storms inside and heads up the stairs.

Carlos: "Why'd you hit the lawn boy?"

Gabrielle: "Well if you saw what he did to our pogonias you'd slap him too."

Peterson Advertising

Lynette walks into Tom's workplace, carrying a large cake with the words "Welcome Back Duggan!" written on it. She walks into the office that Tom and Annabel share.

Lynette: "Hey."

Tom: "Hey Lynette what are you doing here? What's this?"

Lynette: "You told me Duggan's coming back to work today, I thought I'd do something special for him."

Tom: "Uh huh, and this wouldn't have anything to do with you checking up on me and Annabel?"

Lynette: "What?"

Tom: "Yesterday you brought my pictures of the kids. The day before that you brought me soup. Lynette, honey, it's gotta stop."

Lynette: "Tom, I don't care about you working with Annabel. I told you that. This is for Duggan. He had a heart attack. I don't care about Annabel."

Annabel walks past them to leave the room.

Annabel: "Hey, Lynette."

Lynette: "Huh. Speak of the devil. And I mean that."

Carrying the cake, Lynette leaves and follows Annabel into the office kitchen.

Annabel: "Well, you're becoming a regular fixture around here, aren't ya?"

Lynette: "Oh, yeah. I wanted to do something nice for Duggan."

Annabel: "I suppose filling his blood stream with butter fat might be considered nice."

Lynette: "Actually, it's fruit juice sweetened. Can I cut you? A piece?"

From outside of the kitchen, a man's voice is heard.

Man: "Everyone, I need to see you right now."

Inside a conference room, a grey-haired man, Dan, speaks to the employees standing around the room.

Dan: "Okay listen up. I just spoke with Tim Duggan's wife and it looks like he's not gonna be returning to work after all. Seems that he had a relapse last night which unfortunately puts us in a very tight spot. We're gonna work together as a team and do what we need to do, so Jerry you're taking the Holister account, Suzanne, you're covering Paradise Springs, and Annabel, I want you to take the lead on the Traveler's hotel chain. You're leaving for Hawaii in three days."

Annabel: "I can't handle Traveler's by myself, especially not if they're moving into the print."

Dan: "Well, choose someone to take with you."

Annabel: "Oh, okay. Um, I choose Tom."

Lynette, holding the knife that she used to cut the cake, steps forward and Tom automatically puts his hand out to stop her.

Mini-Golf World

Bree and George play miniature golf together.

Bree: "Well, let's see I've beaten you to bridge, and mahjong and hearts. This is your last chance to redeem yourself."

George: "Stop it. You're gonna make me laugh."

As George lines up his shot, Bree, standing behind him, walks her fingers over his back. He turns to look at her.

Bree: "Okay, okay, I'll be good."

She walks around to his side and whispers in his ear.

Bree: "Miss it, miss it, miss it."

George: "Bree."

Bree: "Come on, I'm allowed to psych you out."

She walks a little bit away and suddenly George gets a worried look on his face. He turns his feet in and hunches over, not moving.

Bree: "Okay, time's up. Take your best shot."

George: "I'm not ready yet."

Bree: "Hurry up. There're people waiting."

George: "One more minute."

Bree: "Come on, take your best -"

She reaches out and swipes gently at his arm. He pulls his arm away, still hunched over.

George: "Don't do that."

Bree: "George, do you have an erection?"

George: "I'm sorry."

Bree: "What on earth?"

George: "You were blowing on my ear."

Bree: "I was teasing you."

George: "Exactly."

Bree: "You have got to get rid of it. There are children present."

George: "How?"

Bree: "I don't know. Um, um think of something unpleasant."

George: "Like what?"

Bree: "Like famine, or disease, or hobos. Whatever. Just hurry."

Later, they walk away from the golf course.

George: "Look, you can't be mad about it. It's not something men can control."

Bree: "I kept this friendship going because I though Rex's dislike of you was paranoid, but you had feelings for me all along. God, this is just such a betrayal."

George: "Come on, Bree. The only thing I am guilty of is loving you in silence."

Bree: "Well you shouldn't be doing that. In case you've forgotten I'm married."

George: "To a selfish, two-faced liar who betrayed you with a hooker."

Bree: "I told you in confidence. How dare you throw it back in my face."

George: "So, you're ending our friendship, after everything I've done for you?"

Bree: "What is that supposed to mean?"

George: "Nothing. It didn't mean anything."

Bree: "George, I do love you as a friend. I wish you could love me the same way back, but since you can't, goodbye."

She walks off.

Edie's House

"Later that day, Edie Britt witnessed something disturbing."

Edie looks out of her window and sees Mike, carrying a moving box, kissing Susan.

"Something she was determined to put a stop to."

Lynette's House

Bree, Lynette, and Gabrielle sit around the table, preparing for poker. Edie comes in from the living room.

Gabrielle: "So is Susan coming?"

Lynette: "She said she might be a little late. They already started moving a few of Mike's things over to her house."

Bree: "Already? Wow, good for her."

Lynette: "Yeah, it's nice to see Susan so happy again."

Edie: "Yeah, I'm happy for Susan. But don't you think she and Mike are moving a little fast? I mean two days ago, she was thinking he was a murderer and now she's moving in with him?"

Gabrielle: "She found out it was in self-defense. I think they've cleared everything up."

Bree: "Yeah good point."

Lynette: "Mike's a decent guy."

Edie: "Yeah, that's true. Of course there was the gun shot wound."

Lynette: "That's right. Did they ever explain that?"

Bree: "No, and I know guns and that wound was not self-inflicted."

Edie: "And then what about Mrs. Huber's blood-stained jewelry?"

Lynette: "Yeah, that didn't walk into Mike's garage by itself."

Gabrielle: "Maybe this is a mistake. If there's one thing I've learned men can't be trusted."

Edie: "Hold it. Are you saying that we should put a stop to this?"

Bree: "Well, I guess it wouldn't hurt to sit her down and share our concerns."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, we could do that."

Lynette: "Yeah."

Bree: "Edie, do you want to be a part of it?"

Edie: "Well normally, I'd prefer not to get involved, but if there's anyway that I could help Susan..."

Susan's Garage

Susan comes out to take a box from Mike, who's truck is parked on her driveway.

Susan: "We need to talk."

Mike: "Okay."

Susan: "When I was packing up your stuff in your bedroom, I found a box of bullets."

Mike: "Oh."

Susan: "Look, I feel really bad about Deirdre, and I know that you must want to find out who killed her, but if we're gonna move in together, we can't have this stuff hanging over us. You've gotta get rid of it. All of it: the file, the map, the gun, especially the gun and leave this to the police. They're the professionals."

Mike: "Well, what can I say? It seems like a reasonable request."

Susan: "Oh. Really? Well, that was easy. Maybe after lunch we can talk about your leather bean bag chair."

Mike smiles and as Susan walks back in, he looks down the street. He sees Paul get out of his car, leave a box filled with items on a Martha Huber's doorstep, then get back in his car and drive away.

Martha Huber's House

Zach and Felicia sit at the kitchen table. The box from Paul is sitting on the table and Paul is reading from a note.

Zach: "I realize now that I've treated you badly. I'm the one who needs to get help not you, so I have to go away for a while, in the meantime Mrs. Tilman will look out for you."

Felicia: "I don't consider it a burden. You know you're welcome here."

Zach: "I left you some things, I hope you can take comfort in them. I got you a new mitt. Work on your curve ball while I'm gone. I love you. Dad. Well, I don't understand. Why wouldn't he come see me? Why just run away?"

Felicia: "Your father's been very troubled, dear. I'm sure he did what he felt was best for you."

Zach: "And he wants me to take comfort in this junk? I hate baseball. You think he would know that."

Felicia: "Zach."

Zach runs away from the room. Felicia picks up a photo of Mary Alice that Zach knocked down. She begins cleaning up the rest of the items he knocked to the floor. She picks up the baseball mitt and after a second, she slips her hand into the mitt. She pulls out a note hidden in the mitt. It reads: "Zach, I didn't leave you. Meet me at the baseball field - Thursday at midnight. Dad"

Felicia crumples the note in her hand.

Bree's House, Nighttime

Gabrielle looks out the window.

Gabrielle: "Susan's coming."

Edie: "Okay guys. Interventions are never pretty, so stay strong cause she's probably gonna cry."

The doorbell rings. Bree goes to answer it while Edie, Gabrielle, and Lynette line up near the couch.

Susan: "Bonjour. Oh hi, I didn't know that the cooking lesson was gonna be a group activity. Well, the more the merrier, right? As long as nobody makes fun of my lousy crepes. How come I'm the only one wearing the apron?"

Later, all five women sit around the table, with coffee cups in front of them.

Lynette: "I know it seems like we're ganging up on you, but you're moving so fast we thought a sort of intervention was necessary."

Edie: "I know it's tough to hear. None of us wanted to do this."

Susan: "I appreciate what you guys are trying to do, I really do. Um, I'm not gonna change my mind. In my life, I've been hurt a lot, Karl, and uh, well it's just taught me to be cynical, and to expect the absolute worst from people, and I don't want to live like that anymore, and when Mike asked me to move in with him, I was just happy, just ridiculously happy. I mean, I still am and I want to go with that feeling. I love him and I love him! So I'm gonna expect the best from Mike, and I know that he is gonna deliver that in return. Okay?"

Bree, Lynette, and Gabrielle lean to her and give her assurances.

Edie: "This is the worst intervention I have ever been to."

Restaurant

Baby Penny sits in a high chair while Lynette has lunch with Natalie.

Natalie: "This is fun. It's forever since we had lunch."

Lynette: "Well, as happy as I am to see you, I actually have an agenda. I ran into someone last week who said you guys were looking to hire. Is that true?"

Natalie: "Yeah. Are you thinking of coming back? Because say the word -"

Lynette: "No, no, not me. I was actually thinking more about Tom."

Natalie: "Oh, Tom?"

Lynette: "Yeah, he's been thinking about making a move for a while. He kind of feels like he's done everything he can where he is now."

Natalie: "Huh. Well Tom's certainly solid."

Lynette: "He's more then solid, Tom's ideas are spectacular. He's passionate about his work. His visual instincts are off the chart."

Natalie: "Is he as good as you?"

Lynette: "He's apples, I'm oranges, we excel in different areas. Trust me, you should give Tom a look."

Natalie: "I don't need apples. I need someone like you. Cut throat. Ruthless."

Lynette: "Geez, Nat, you make me feel like some kind of shark. Ah, okay. You know, actually, if that's the kind of exec you're looking for..."

Natalie: "You'd get a shark for me?"

Lynette: "Yes, a very pretty shark."

Bree's House, Outside

Bree gets into her car and drives off. Down the street, George watches. Once the car has driven away, he gets out and goes up to Bree's house.

Bree's House, Inside

George spills out Rex's prescription bottle. He fills it up with pills that he brought with him.

In their bedroom, George opens up various dresser drawers. He comes to Bree's underwear drawer and stops, staring at the panties lying neatly in there.

He lays down some pantyhose on the bed and when he pulls away, he takes out a digital camera, taking a picture of a bra, underwear, and pantyhose lying on the bed in the approximate positions they'd be on a woman.

George opens up their closet, pushing aside clothing. He kneels down and sees a box. He opens it and begins pulling out various sexual toys: handcuffs, a riding whip, fuzzy handcuffs, and leather clothing.

Doctor's Office

Rex sits on the examining table, buttoning his shirt. Bree sits in a chair off to the side.

Doctor: "So, here's what I'm thinking. I'm gonna see if Dr. Morrison at the Lipstone Clinic in come in and consult."

Rex: "You're wanna bring someone else in?"

Doctor: "Your body isn't responding to the medication the way it should, and the tests we've run have all come back negative, so I, I just want to be on the safe side."

His pager goes off.

Doctor: "Excuse me. I need to take this."

He leaves the room.

Bree: "I don't know why, but I have this overwhelming feeling that you're gonna be just fine. I really do."

Rex: "Lee Craig has the biggest ego of any doctor I know. If he wants to consult with someone, that means he's stumped, which means I'm screwed."

Bree: "Don't say that."

Rex: "Dammit, Bree, do you understand what's going on here? I could die."

Bree: "So could I."

Rex: "What?"

Bree: "I could walk across a street tomorrow and be hit by a car."

Rex: "What in god's name is your point?"

Bree: "All I'm saying is that we're both gonna die eventually, and in the time that we have left, whether it's two days or two decades, I think that we should be nice to each other."

Rex: "You're right."

Martha Huber's House

The doorbell rings. Felicia opens the door to find Mike standing there.

Mike: "Um, Mrs. Tilman. Paul Young's been missing the last couple of days have you seen him?"

Felicia: "Why ask me?"

Mike: "Well, I saw him leave a box on the door step and I've also seen Zach over here."

Felicia: "If I did know where Mr. Young was, why would I tell you?"

Mike: "Look, um, the police think I killed your sister, and I'm sure you do too, but I swear to you I had nothing to do with it."

Felicia: "And you think Paul Young did?"

Mike: "Well, no, that's not what I'm saying."

Felicia: "You've got to admit, it's a neat theory. Care for a snack?"

She walks away from the door, leaving it open. Mike stares after her, then follows.

Later, Mike sits at the kitchen table, reading through a journal while Felicia sets down a teapot with cups, then sits down, herself.

Felicia: "Okay so it's not such a stretch, the wonder if Paul avenged his wife's death by killing Martha for blackmailing them. But perhaps I'm alone in that."

Mike: "You're not."

Felicia: "Aren't you sweet? Tea?"

Mike: "Thanks. Do these journals say anything about why your sister was blackmailing the Youngs?"

Felicia: "Not specifically, but I got the definite impression that it involved a murder. Now here you are saying your friend was murdered."

Mike: "Any reason you haven't showed these to the police?"

Felicia: "Are you in favor of the death penalty?"

Mike: "Um, yeah."

Felicia: "So am I. We had it in Utah. Not in this state, though. A shame, don't you agree?"

Mike: "Yeah, I do."

Felicia: "I like you so much, Mr. Delfino."

Mike: "You know where Paul Young is?"

Felicia: "I'm afraid not, but I know where he'll be on Thursday night."


Gabrielle's House, Outside

"That afternoon after retrieving her mail, Gabrielle was surprised to finally learn the truth behind her pregnancy."

Gabrielle opens up a letter.

"Very surprised."

The rest of the mail drops out of her hands and lands on the ground.

Gabrielle's House, Inside

Carlos: "Hey babe, you want to go online and check out schools? What's going on?"

Gabrielle: "I just want to say goodbye, because I'm leaving you."

Carlos: "What?"

Gabrielle: "You see, your health insurance sent us a letter because someone ordered a year's worth of birth control pills, and apparently our policy doesn't cover drugs bought by the kilo."

Carlos: "I told you, it was mam."

Gabrielle: "The prescription was dated, Carlos, and Juanita was in a coma when this claim was filed. You did this, not your mother. At least be man enough to own up to it. She would've been."

She storms out of the house and is halfway across the lawn when Carlos catches up to her and grabs her arm.

Carlos: "Stop."

Gabrielle: "Ah, ah, ah pregnant, cave man, remember?"

Carlos: "Where are you going?"

Gabrielle: "Away."

Carlos: "I'm going to jail. I'll be gone tomorrow."

Gabrielle: "I know. That's why I only packed one bag."

She starts to drive off in her car.

Carlos: "What about the baby Gabrielle, huh? What about my baby?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, your baby?"

Carlos: "Fine. Our baby. Hey, we're a family now. This baby needs its mother and its father."

Gabrielle: "Oh Carlos. Whoever said you were the father?"

She drives off. Edie drives up and gets out of her car, holding a "Sold" sign.

Edie: "Hey."

Carlos begins walking quickly to her car. His ankle bracelet begins beeping.

Carlos: "Hey."

Edie: "Hey, what the hell are you doing?"

Carlos gets into her car and she quickly grabs her purse from the passenger's seat. Carlos drives off.

Edie: "Damn felon!"

Gabrielle and Carlos both drive.

In a parked police car, two cops sit. They get a call over the speaker from dispatch.

Speaker: "All units code D-1630 suspect is a violation of house arrest. Currently headed west on Park Boulevard."

Policeman: "Um, this is unit fourteen we're on our way. Looks like the feds have a runner."

Policeman #2: "Lets go."

John and Justin's Apartment, Inside

Justin, in a robe, starts to take a bite of a sandwich, but is interrupted by a knock on the door. He answers it and finds Gabrielle there.

Gabrielle: "Is John here?"

Justin: "If I say no, are you gonna slap me again? He's working. Why?"

Gabrielle: "I just left my husband."

John and Justin's Apartment, Outside

Carlos pulls up across the street from where Gabrielle's car is parked. He sees Gabrielle and Justin come out of the building and he slouches down so they can't see him. Gabrielle and Justin hug. Gabrielle walks to her car.

John and Justin's Apartment, Inside

Justin starts to take a bite of his sandwich, but again is interrupted by a knock on the door.

Justin: "Hang on."

He opens the door and finds Carlos there. Carlos punches him and as Justin falls to the floor, Carlos begins kicking him.

Carlos: "Think just because you mow my lawn you can bang my wife?"

John and Justin's Apartment, Outside

The policecar pulls up to where Carlos's car is parked. The cops get out and run towards the apartment.

John and Justin's Apartment, Inside

Carlos is still kicking Justin when the police rush in and grab Carlos.

Police: "Hey, hey, hey, get off."

They slam him against the wall.

Peterson Advertising

Tom comes out of his office. He sees in Dan's office that Annabel is shaking Dan's hand and seems very happy. She leaves, smiling.

Tom: "Hey, what's going on?"

Annabel: "Oh Tom, I have had the craziest day. This morning the guys from Mitchell and Currents called me in. They offered me a job."

Tom: "Well, are you gonna take it?"

Annabel: "Well, I told Peterson about it and they just upped their offer. He just made me vice president."

Tom: "Of what?"

Annabel: "Tom! The firm. He gave me Duggan's old job. Isn't that wild? I have to go tell Scotty. I'll see you later."

Dan: "Oh Tom, I was just coming to find you."

Tom: "What the hell, Dan? I mean what the hell? You promoted Annabel over me?"

Dan: "She got another job offer. I couldn't afford to lose her, not now."

Tom: "Well, guess what, you lose me, 'cause I quit."

Dan: "Tom, don't overreact."

Tom: "No, the first time you pass me by, I took it like a good soldier, but since Duggan's heart attack, I have already been doing the job, I've already been doing it, then you just hand it to Annabel?"

Dan: "Okay, you made your point."

Tom: "No, you make crappy decisions on a daily basis, Dan, I got to tell you, but this one this is the stupidest."

Dan: "Hey, watch yourself."

Tom: "You have been running this company in the ground since you got here. The way I see it, I'm getting out easy."

Dan: "All right, Scavo, you want to know why I gave that promotion to Annabel? Why she got the knot instead of you? It was Lynette."

Tom: "What?"

Dan: "She went to my wife and begged her to get me to kill your promotion. She said that if you start traveling more, it's gonna hurt your family."

Tom: "She did that?"

Dan: "Now I feel like a chump for trying to help you guys out. I guess it was another one of my crappy decisions. Have your desk cleaned out by tonight."

Dan leaves.

John and Justin's Apartment

Two EMT men lift up a gurney that has Justin on it. Carlos, with his hands handcuffed behind him, sits on the couch.

Policeman: "You want to tell us what you have against this kid?"

Carlos: "It's between him and me and my wife."

Policeman: "Is that what this is about? You're doing his wife?"

Justin: "No. I'm gay."

Policeman: "You're gay?"

Carlos: "What?"

Justin: "I'm gay."

Carlos: "This is not happening again."

Policeman #2: "What do you mean again?"

Carlos: "I want a lawyer."

Supermarket

Bree is grocery shopping. George, also grocery shopping, comes down her aisle.

Bree: "George. Hi. What are you doing here?"

George: "I'm shopping, obviously."

Bree: "Why are you shopping here? You live on the other side of town."

George: "My friend had an operation. I'm buying her some things."

Bree: "Oh, well, that's very nice of you."

George: "Wait, Bree, I have to tell you something."

Bree: "Well?"

George: "You need to tell Rex to be more discreet when it comes to discussing your love life."

Bree: "I'm sorry?"

George: "I don't want to say anything more. You just really need to tell him that."

Bree: "Wait a minute. What in the world are you talking about?"

George: "I was at the hospital, visiting my friend who had had this operation, and I overheard two doctors talking about Rex's fondness for S and M."

Bree: "You heard that?"

George: "Apparently he told them he has a box of toys? And gets you to do very inappropriate things."

Bree: "I see."

George: "Bree, this is clearly none of my business and I would've never brought this up, but to hear those two men laughing about you, I just thought you should know."

Bree: "Well, thank you for telling me, but I think, um, I've got to go."

She leaves. George walks over to her abandoned grocery cart and pops a grape into his mouth.

Mike's House, Outside

Mike pulls his truck into his driveway. Susan comes out of the house.

Mike: "Hey, I got some more boxes."

Susan gives him a long kiss.

Mike: "That's your answer for everything these days."

Susan: "So, what do you think we should do for dinner?"

Mike: "Oh, I, uh, can't. I just got an emergency phone call. Busted water main."

Susan: "Okay, I'll keep it warm for you."

Mike: "I'm afraid I'm gonna be too late for dinner."

Susan: "I wasn't talking about dinner."

Mike brings some boxes into the house and Susan opens up the car door to remove some unfolded boxes in the backseat. She finds the journal that Mike had been reading, while having tea with Felicia.

Mike: "Need some help?"

Susan: "No, no, I got it. Um, I got it. So, if you've got a plumbing emergency shouldn't you get going?"

Mike: "Um, they've already got somebody on it. I'm just a part of the relief crew."

Susan: "Well, I'll just get back to work."

Mike's House, Outside, Nighttime

Susan and Julie sit in their car, across the street from Mike's house.

Julie: "Mom, stalking? Are we really doing this? You just made such a huge deal to your friends about how much you trust him now."

Susan: "Well, that's before I found Mrs. Huber's journal in his truck."

Julie: "So, what's in it?"

Susan: "It's not about what's in it, it's about the fact that he had it at all. I would bet you anything he is not going on a plumbing job and we're gonna find out."

Julie: "Mom, if you don't trust him, why are you moving in with him?"

Susan: "I don't have time to explain adult relationships to you. Oh duck down."

Later, they drive.

Julie: "I think you lost him."

Susan: "He's six cars up. We have to stay this far back or he'll see us."

Julie: "Okay great, but we can't see him either. I got to tell you, mom, you're not great at this."

Susan: "Oh yeah? When your father was cheating on me I used to follow him all the time. I know my stuff. There he is."

Julie: "What's Mike doing? Who's that he's pulling up to?"

Susan: "I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Wait here and lock the doors."

She leaves and walks up to the SUV. She pulls open the door.

Susan: "All right what the hell are you up to?"

Inside the car is a man with a woman, both half undressed. They turn to stare at her.

Susan: "Oh my god, wow, um, okay oh, wow um, bye."

Woman in Truck: "Was that your wife?"

Man in Truck: "If that was my wife, you think I'd be here with you?"

Susan gets back in the car with Julie.

Julie: "It wasn't Mike, was it?"

Susan: "No, no it wasn't."

Prison

In a visiting room, Gabrielle looks at a drawing of Carlos. She lowers the drawing and looks at Carlos, sitting across the table from her in an orange prison jumpsuit.

Gabrielle: "They're charging you with a hate crime?"

Carlos: "You remember when our cable guy was beaten up? That was me. I thought you were cheating with him."

Gabrielle: "With our gay cable guy?"

Carlos: "I didn't know he was gay. I didn't know Justin was either. Now the cops think I'm some kind of serial gay basher."

Gabrielle: "Well you sort of are."

Carlos: "Well you provoked me. You were pretending to have an affair just to punish me."

Gabrielle: "Well, obviously."

Carlos: "So now, I need you to lie again. I need you to tell the cops you were having an affair and that I just beat up the wrong guy. Guys."

Gabrielle: "I am not lying for you, Carlos."

Carlos: "Gabby, if this charge sticks, I get sent away for eight years."

Gabrielle: "Am I supposed to be impressed? Because of your little stunt with my birth control pills, I've lost my freedom for the next eighteen years."

Carlos: "Gabby please don't do this. Gabby, don't walk away. Gabby!"

Gabrielle leaves.

Susan's Car

Susan and Julie drive back home.

Susan: "Okay next time I won't bring my daughter to stalk my boyfriend. It was a slight error in judgment. Honey, please don't give me the silent treatment."

Julie: "I'm not. Did you say you read this?"

Susan: "Yeah, part of it. Why?"

Julie: "Mrs. Huber was blackmailing Zach's mom."

Baseball Field, Nighttime

Paul stands by the bleachers, alone. He looks at his watch, then hears a noise.

Paul: "Zach?"

He turns and is punched in the face by Mike.

Bree's House

Rex lies in bed, sleeping. Slowly, he wakes up and sees Bree sitting by the window, looking out.

Rex: "What are you doing up?"

Bree: "Couldn't sleep, so I was just sitting here thinking."

Rex: "About what?"

Bree: "You really want to know?"

Rex: "Bree, I'm not feeling too hot right now so just tell me. What's up?"

Bree: "I was thinking that the biggest mistake of my entire life was agreeing to marry you."

Rex: "Let me guess. I've done something wrong."

Bree: "Forcing me to share in your depraved pasttime wasn't bad enough, you had to share my humiliation with your co-workers?"

Rex: "What?"

Bree: "Rex, everybody is talking about our s*x life. Every sordid little detail right down to that box of perversions you keep in your closet."

Rex: "Bree, I, I never said anything to anyone. I swear to god."

Bree: "You're a liar."

Rex: "Who told you this?"

Bree: "It doesn't matter."

Rex: "It does matter because I never said anything."

Bree: "Well then how do people know because we both know that I wouldn't say anything."

Rex: "Why would I tell people about what we do in bed?"

Bree: "I don't know Rex. Maybe you were bragging or maybe you just subconsciously wanted to hurt me. Well, congratulations, you did it. I am officially destroyed."

Rex: "I didn't say anything."

Bree: "I don't believe you."

Rex: "Oh, oh."

Bree: "Rex? What is it?"

Rex: "I think I'm having a heart attack."

Bree: "No, you're not."

Rex: "Bree, you're gonna have to take me to the hospital."

Bree: "Um, all right. You, uh, go downstairs and I will be, I'll be right there."

She hands him his robe and he leaves the room.

Later, Rex sits at the bottom of the stairs, leaning against the side of the rails, his eyes closed. Danielle comes down the stairs.

Danielle: "Daddy? What are you doing?"

Rex: "I'm waiting for your mother to take me to the emergency room."

Danielle: "What's wrong?"

Rex: "I'm having a heart attack."

Danielle: "Oh my god. Where is she?"

Rex: "That's a good question."

Danielle runs back upstairs and into Bree's bedroom, where Bree is calmly making the bed.

Danielle: "Daddy says he's having a heart attack."

Bree: "I know. I'm gonna take him to the hospital."

Danielle: "Well when?"

Bree: "When I finish making the bed."

Danielle: "What?"

Bree: "I never leave the house with an unmade bed. You know that."

Danielle: "But daddy needs to go to the hospital."

Bree: "There. Now we can go."

She walks slowly past Danielle.

Peterson Advertising, Nighttime

As a janitor mops the floors in the outer room, Tom puts his belongings into a box.

"Nothing is forever and the time comes when we all must say goodbye to the world we knew."

Jail Cell

Carlos holds a picture of Gabrielle and himself, while sitting in his jail cell.

"Goodbye to everything we had taken for granted."

Hospital

Lying on a gurney, Rex is wheeled away. Standing by a nurses station, Bree watches him go.

"Goodbye to those we though would never abandon us."

Outside

A moving van pulls up to the Mullins' old house.

"And when these changes finally do occur, when the familiar has departed and the unfamiliar has taken its place, all any of us can really do is to say hello and welcome."

A teenager gets out of the driver's side and goes around the van to the passenger side, where he opens the door. A woman steps out and the two of them look at the house, then walk up to the front door.

Ida Greenberg comes out her front door holding a paper bag with a bottle hidden inside.

"It was an accepted fact among the residents of Wisteria Lane that Ida Greenberg liked her liquor."

She looks around to see if anyone is looking then drinks from the bottle.

"People had seen her drunk at sewing bees..."

Bree sitting on a couch with various neighbors, Ida included. She hiccups.

"...the Department of Motor Vehicles..."

Lynette standing in line at the DMV. Ida is one person ahead of her. She hiccups.

"...and the first Methodist church."

Edie Britt is sitting in a church pew behind Ida, who burps.

"Ida had tried to quit drinking many times, but she couldn't."

Ida staggers down the street, holding the bottle. She looks up to the sky.

"Then one night in a moment of despair, she challenged God to quench her never-ending thirst."

Ida drinks from the bottle as Mike Delfino's truck comes around the corner.

"Luckily for Ida, God was listening."

Mike pulls his truck into his driveway. He gets out and opens the front door.

Mike's House

Mike enters his house and sees Zach standing there, holding a gun. Susan is sitting at the kitchen table. Bongo, Mike's dog, begins whining, barking and growling. Zach slowly raises the gun at Mike.

Mike: "Zach, listen to me."

Zach pulls the hammer of the gun back. Susan leaps out of her chair and rushes toward Zach.

Susan: "No!"

Susan knocks Zach over and the gun goes flying. Mike pulls Zach off Susan and pushes him to the wall. Susan rolls away and picks up the gun. She points it toward where Zach is.

Susan: "Not so tough now, are you?"

Bongo continues barking. He runs at Susan and bites her pant leg. He pulls on her jeans.

Susan: "Uh! Ow! Oh! Bongo, no! Bongo! Bongo! Oh!"

Mike turns and sees Bongo biting Susan. He rushes toward Susan and lets Zach go.

Mike: "Bongo, no!"

Mike pulls Bongo off Susan. Susan falls into the chair and the gun she is holding goes off.

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Ida is holding the bottle. The bullet hits the bottle Ida is holding and shatters. Ida stands there holding the broken bottle.

Mike's House

In the confusion, Zach runs out of Mike's house and down the street.

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Ida looks down at the broken bottle then up to the sky.

"It was at that moment it occurred to Ida, God may work in mysterious ways, but he isn't particularly subtle."

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Inside Mary Alice Young's house, a picture of her sits on a table, with spiderwebs on it.

"It had been a year since my death, and a lot had changed on Wisteria Lane. Children had learned new games."

Outside young boys shout and play ball.

"New neighbors had moved in."

Mrs. Applewhite and her son, Matthew, are in their front yard taking down the real estate signs.

"Old houses had been rebuilt..."

Edie Britt's house in construction looks almost completed. Edie is outside directing the workman.

Edie: "I told you guys twice. Okay, Craig, what's going on? Let's see."

"And fresh tragedies had occurred. In one house, a widow was getting ready to tell her friends of her husband's passing."

Bree's House

Bree is sitting at the dining room table. In front of her is a small framed painting of her and Rex on their wedding day. Her hand rests patiently on the cordless phone, watching the clock which read 5 minutes to 9:00.

"But until the time was right, she would wait. And life, as it tends to do, would go on."

Bree continues to watch the seconds tick by on the clock.

Hospital Room

Susan is in a hospital gown with cotton in her mouth and swollen lips.

Susan: "I look like hell. I need a hairbrush."

Julie approaches and lightly fluffs her mom's pillow.

Julie: "Yeah, um, that's not gonna help."

Mike and a police officer enter the room.

Mike: "Susan, Officer Romslo is here for your statement."

The officer looks at Susan's swollen lips.

Officer Romslo Romslo: "Zach Young do that?"

Mike: "No. Uh, she fell. Bit her lip. It was an accident."

Officer Romslo: "Okay. So, uh, walk me through what happened."

Susan ( mumbling ): "Well, I went over Mike's to feed the dog."

Officer Romslo: "I'm sorry?"

Julie: "Feed the dog."

Susan removes the bloody cotton from her mouth.

Susan: "Uh, and I turned around, and there was Zach Young - and that's Zach with an "h" - pointing a gun at me."

Julie points to the cotton.

Julie: "The doctor said keep that in."

Susan puts the cotton back in her mouth.

Susan: "Ouch."

Mike: "You gotta understand, Zach's had a tough time. He's got emotional issues"

Susan: "Yeah, he's crazy!"

Mike: "Still, I don't think he meant to hurt anybody."

Susan: "Uh, hello! Uh, he was waiting there for you to come home so he could kill you."

Officer Romslo: "Is that what happened when you got home? The kid took a shot at you?"

Mike: "Actually, Susan fired the gun."

Susan spits out the cotton.

Susan: "Okay, that's because I was wrestling it away from Zach so that he wouldn't shoot you."

The officer stares at Susan as her mouth begins to bleed again.

Susan: "Oh, God! Oh, there's blood."

Julie: "Could we do this later? She's kind of a mess right now."

Susan: "Yeah."

Mike: "Yeah, I think I can fill in the rest for you."

Officer Romslo: "I'd appreciate it. You feel better, Mrs. Mayer."

Susan: "Thanks."

Officer Romslo and Mike leave the room.

Susan: "Ow! That hurts."

Julie: "I'm gonna get you more ice. "

Susan: "Okay."

Hospital Hallway

Julie comes out of the room and sees Mike and the officer talking. They don't see her.

Mike: "No, I'm telling you. Susan really flew off the handle when she jumped the kid."

Julie looks shocked.

Officer Romslo: "So you're saying this was more of a domestic squabble?"

Mike: "Definitely, yeah. Are we required to press charges?"

Officer Romslo: "Well, you're not really required, but it's something you should really consider when a handgun is involved."

They walk out of Julie's hearing. Julie stares after them, then goes to get ice. The clock on the wall reads 4 minutes to 9:00.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle gets out of the shower and wraps a towel around herself. She looks on the floor and sees rose petals strewn all over the floor. She follows the petals into her bedroom and finds John laying on her bed, in his boxer shorts, drinking from a champagne flute.

Gabrielle: "John! How did you get in here?"

John: "I know where you keep the key. Mimosa?"

Gabrielle: "No, I'm pregnant, you jackass!"

John: "I made yours with seltzer."

Gabrielle: "Do you have any idea what you've done? That little stunt you pulled yesterday in the courtroom could get Carlos sent away for eight years!"

John: "Yeah, I thought you might be a little mad about that. But once you calm down, you'll see that it's just the two of us. It's gonna be awesome."

Gabrielle sees John's duffle bag on the floor.

Gabrielle: "You brought luggage?"

Gabrielle, still wrapped in a towel, carries the bag down the stairs. John follows her to the front door.

John: "He's gone. We don't have to sneak around anymore. We can have a real relationship. It's what's best for the three of us."

Gabrielle: "The three of us? How exactly does that benefit Carlos?"

John: "I'm talking about my baby."

Gabrielle: "You don't know it's your baby. I don't even know it's your baby. And I don't wanna know 'cause it doesn't matter!"

Gabrielle opens the front door and throws John's bag outside, grunting.

John: "So what, you don't love me?"

Gabrielle: "Well, up until the point that you told my husband we were having an affair, I was quite fond of you. Since then, not a fan!"

Gabrielle shoves John outside and slams the door. The clock shows 2 minutes to 9:00.

Lynette's House

Lynette comes running downstairs, dressed professionally, with a briefcase in her hand.

Lynette: "Hey!"

Tom: "Hey."

The kids are sitting in the living room, finger painting.

Lynette: "Oh, why on earth would you let them finger paint before breakfast?"

Tom: "It's my job to clean that up now, so it's my call, right?"

Lynette pours herself coffee.

Lynette: "You're right. I'm sorry."

Tom: "Hey, I thought the meeting wasn't until one."

Lynette: "Oh, I have a thousand things to do before that. Borrow a decent scarf from Bree, buy a lipstick I don't hate."

Parker runs up to Lynette, holding a picture. His hands are covered in finger paint.

Parker: "Mommy, Mommy, look!"

Lynette quickly backs away.

Lynette: "Aah! No! No! No, nobody touches Mommy, okay? I love you, I love your finger painting, but if you touch me with those messy hands, I will cut them off."

Lynette places her fingertip on Parker's head and turns him away from her.

Lynette: "Go on. Off. Good."

Tom: "It's okay. A little nervous?"

Lynette: "Who, me? I've been out of work for seven years, I'm a woman of a certain age in a business that values youth above all else. Why should I be nervous?"

Tom: "You are experienced. You are brilliant. You are going to nail this job interview, okay?"

Lynette: "Thank you."

Tom approaches her and leans in for a kiss.

Lynette: "Uh, no. I can't. You're very, so..."

Tom: "Yeah."

Lynette: "Thank you. Here."

Lynette leans over and carefully kisses Tom on the lips.

Lynette: "Oh, my cell phone."

She runs upstairs.

The clock on the counter shows 1 minute to 9:00.

Bree's House

Bree is sitting with her hand on the cordless phone, tapping it as she watches the seconds tick to 9:00. The clock chimes 9:00 a.m. Bree picks up the phone and dials.

Bree: "Lynette, hi, it's Bree. I do hope I'm not calling too early. Hmm? Oh, of course you can borrow that scarf. I'll press it for you. Um, I have, uh, some news. Rex died."

Gabrielle's Front Porch

Susan, holding an ice bag on her mouth, sits with Lynette and Gabrielle.

Susan: "I thought they were gonna operate. What happened?"

Lynette: "Apparently Rex's heart just gave out."

Susan: "Oh, my god. So when can we see Bree?"

Lynette: "She said she was gonna call. She's got a lot of things to do, planning for the funeral, that sort of thing."

Gabrielle: "She doesn't look that busy to me."

They all turn and see Bree standing by her trash can in the driveway, holding a carton of milk. They walk up to her.

Lynette: "Hi. What are you doing out here?"

Bree: "Oh, I'm just waiting for, uh, Rex's mother. She's gonna be here any second. "

Gabrielle: "Honey, we are so sorry."

Bree: "Oh, do one of you drink soy milk? I was cleaning out the fridge this morning, and Rex is the only one who drinks it. I just bought it on Friday. I'd hate to throw it away."

Lynette, Susan and Gabrielle shake their heads no.

Bree: "What a waste."

Bree puts the milk into the trash can.

Lynette: "Aw, sweetie."

Susan: "Honey, you can let it out."

Bree: "No. No, I can't afford to fall apart right now."

Susan: "Why?"

Bree: "You're about to find out."

A taxi comes squealing around the corner. A woman is sticking her head out the back window, shouting.

Phyllis: "Bree! Oh, stop here. This is the house."

Susan: "Is that?"

Bree: "Yes, that is Rex's mother."

The woman sobs as she climbs out of the cab and staggers over to where the women are standing.

Phyllis: "I can't believe it. It's like some hideous nightmare. My life is over! My life is over!"

She clings to Bree.

Bree pats her on the back and the ladies stare at Rex's mother.

Advertising Agency

A young man carries a plate of food into the office where Lynette is sitting with an interviewer, Nina Fletcher. Phones ring in the background.

Nina: "It appears there's a seven-year gap since your last position. What, did you take some time off?"

Lynette: "I was a stay-at-home mom. I wish it had taken time off."

Nina: "Boy or girl?"

Lynette: "A girl. And three boys."

Nina: "Four kids?"

Lynette: "Yeah, of course, they won't get in the way of the job because my husband's staying home with them from now on."

Nina: "I knew I could never do both jobs justice. That's why I chose not to have a family. I didn't want to be one of those kind of women. You know, sloughing things off onto coworkers because of a pediatrician appointment or a dance recital. I get really neurotic about putting people out."

Lynette: "With all due respect, Nina, won't be an issue. I can leave home at home."

Nina: "And it's not gonna break your heart to leave those sad little faces behind?"

Lynette: "Are you kidding? This office is paradise. Grown-ups talking about grown-up things. No screaming, no vomiting, no boogers under the table. You're gonna have to drag me outta here kicking and screaming - weekends, holidays, whenever."

Nina: "All right, Ed wants to make the final decision. So I will bring you back tomorrow at three for a follow-up."

Lynette: "Well, that, that sounds great. Thank you."

Nina: "Lynette, be early. Show me something."

Lynette: "Okay."

Bree's House

Danielle is helping her grandmother unpack her suitcase. Andrew is sitting at the table. Danielle picks up a teddy bear from the suitcase.

Danielle: "No way. Dad did not have a teddy bear."

Phyllis: "He most certainly did. Oh, that was Doolittle. Your father never went anywhere without him."

Bree walks into the room carrying a tea tray.

Bree: "Here's your tea, Phyllis."

Phyllis: "Oh. [picks up an orange tie from the suitcase] Oh! Look, Bree. This was the tie that Rex wore when he graduated from prep school. I think he should wear it. You know, for the funeral?"

Bree: "Phyllis, that's an orange tie."

Phyllis: "Well, those were his school colors: green and orange."

Bree: "Well, um, he's being buried in a blue suit."

Andrew gets up and walks to the suitcase.

Phyllis: "Maybe he could be buried in a different suit."

Bree: "I don't think so, but thank you, though."

Andrew: "You, uh, you kept dad's old comic books?"

Phyllis: "Oh, yes, I kept everything. Look here. I even kept the dirty magazine that he hid under his mattress. He didn't think I knew about it, but I did."

Andrew: "Well, looks like dad was into big breasts."

Phyllis: "Oh, yes. That's why I was surprised when he married your mother."

Bree stares at Phyllis. Phyllis meets Bree's eyes and Bree smiles.

Jail Visiting Room

Carlos sits back in his chair, not talking to Gabrielle sitting across from him.

Gabrielle: "So you're just not gonna talk to me, is that it? Fine. I don't need to talk. Okay. Yes, I had a little affair. It wasn't the best thing to do, and I'm not proud of it. But it's not the worst thing that could have happened. Nobody died. Oh, don't be such a martyr, Carlos. Okay, it takes two people. How many times did you go off on your little business trips and leave me alone? See, so technically, you cheated, too. It's just your mistress was your work."

Carlos stands up from the table and starts to walk away.

Gabrielle: "No, okay. That was a stretch. I'm sorry. Carlos, wait! Come back. Look, I wanna start over. We're gonna have a baby. Isn't that what you always wanted? Carlos, wait! I said I was sorry and I love you! What more do you want?"

Carlos: "I want a paternity test."

Betty's House

Betty Applewhite is sweeping her front porch as Bree and Danielle approach. Bree is holding a basket of cookies.

Bree: "Mrs. Applewhite, hi. I am Bree Van de Kamp, and this is my daughter Danielle."

Betty: "Hello."

Danielle: "Hi."

Matthew: "Hey, I'm Matthew."

Betty: "This is my son."

Bree: "Hi. I would have been over sooner to introduce myself, but I'm afraid there's been a death in my family."

Danielle: "My dad."

Betty: "I'm so sorry."

Matthew: "I lost my dad, too. I know what you must be going through right now."

Danielle: "Thank you."

Bree: "Anyway, I'm afraid that my visit has an ulterior motive. The organist at our church is on vacation, and Edie Britt mentioned that you used to be a concert pianist, and - "

Betty: "I would be honored to play for you. Why don't I bring some sheet music over later and we can plan some selections?"

Bree: "Thank you. That's just a huge weight off my shoulders. [She hands the cookies to Betty] Oh, these are for you."

Betty: "How sweet. Bree, we widows have to stick together."

Bree: "Bye."

Bree and Danielle leave.

Betty: "Pretending your father's dead? Don't you find that a little morbid?"

Matthew: "Well, I just thought it could help our cover story, okay? Just, you know, win 'em over."

Betty: "Oh, sweetie. I know you meant well. But in the future, you leave the cleverness to me."

Betty walks into the house, carrying the cookies.

Susan's Front Yard

Susan is pounding a security sign into the grass as Julie approaches.

Julie: "Since when are we protected by Dorset security?"

Susan: "We're not. It's a deterrent in case Zach comes back. I told Mike I didn't sleep last night, so he got me this sign. That guy is so supportive. You know he's out right now in a ride-along with the police searching for Zach?"

Julie: "Really?"

Susan: "Yeah. He's determined to see that kid behind bars. So tomorrow at school, I want you to let everybody know that we got this new, expensive security system."

Julie: "Mom."

Susan: "Just work it into the conversation. You know, put the word out there."

Julie: "I've gotta tell you something."

Susan: "Emphasize the motion detectors."

Julie: "Mom, stop, stop. Listen."

Susan: "What? What is it?"

Julie: "Yesterday I overheard Mike telling that cop that he didn't wanna press charges against Zach. He made the whole thing sound like it was your fault."

Susan: "My fault?"


Hospital

Gabrielle enters the Prenatal and Neonatal Care Department and approaches the desk. A young lady with multi-colored hair and various face piercings is sitting behind the desk, reading.

Gabrielle: "Hi, uh, I need a paternity test."

Receptionist: "Well, we'll just schedule you for an exam."

Gabrielle: "Oh, no, no. I don't need to take a test. I am just trying to reassure my husband of what I know is true in my heart. So if you could just slip me someone else's test results, I could make my own. I got Photoshop for Christmas. Oh, come on. You look like a fun-loving girl. I am sure you've been in a couple hairy situations of your own."

Receptionist: "Just because I choose to express myself doesn't mean that I condone adultery. Sorry."

The receptionist walks away and Gabrielle turns and sees a young lady sitting down looking at a sheet of paper and crying. Gabrielle walks over to her and sits down.

Gabrielle: "Paternity test results? I know. I'm in the same situation."

Woman: "Really?"

Gabrielle: "Mm-hmm."

Woman: "I just found out the clinic screwed up and gave me an egg that belonged to some lesbian. It was supposed to implanted in her lover, and now my husband's freaking out because he thinks that our baby's gonna be gay!"

Gabrielle: "Okay. We're in slightly different situations. But do you wanna get a cup of coffee and talk about it?"

Woman: "Yeah. That'd be nice. Thanks."

Gabrielle: "Yeah. Us girls have to stick together. We shouldn't let a stupid piece of paper ruin our life."

Gabrielle pulls the paper from the woman's hands.

Woman: "Yeah!"

The woman gets up and walks off. Gabrielle follows, folding the paper neatly.

Bree's Living Room

The Reverend, Bree, and Phyllis are sitting. Phyllis takes sheets of paper out of her purse and writes things down.

Reverend: "Obviously, I've known Rex for years, but when it comes to writing a eulogy, I like as much input from the family as possible."

Bree: "Oh. Well, um, what kind of input?"

Phyllis: "Oh, he means anecdotes, little stories. Isn't that what you mean, Reverend?"

Reverend: "Well, yes, but, uh, also-"

Phyllis: "I thought that you might need some help, so last night I stayed up all night and tried to remember funny things and moments that said so much about Rex as a person."

Reverend: "My. How, how many pages do you have there?"

Phyllis: "Fifteen."

Phyllis stands to hand the Reverend the sheets. Bree reaches over and grabs them from Phyllis' hand. They all sit down. Bree begins reading the sheets.

Phyllis: "Well, you're hardly going to have to write anything at all, Reverend. Some of those anecdotes are just priceless."

Bree: "Phyllis, these are all things that happened to Rex before he went to college."

Phyllis: "So?"

Bree: "Well, don't you think it'd be nice if Reverend devoted part of the eulogy to his life after he was married?"

Phyllis: "Oh, well, yes, of course. The Reverend will mention that part of his life."

Bree: "He's going to do more than mention it. That's the part he'll focus on. In fact, I think three anecdotes from Rex's childhood is more than enough."

She hands the Reverend several of the sheets.

Reverend: "Um, that, that seems fair."

Phyllis: "Well, whatever you think is appropriate."

Reverend: "Fine."

Phyllis: "I just thought if we were going to focus on a time in Rex's life, that we might as well focus on the happiest time."

Reverend: "Let's talk flowers. Now I know lilies are traditional, but I think I can get you a deal on some white roses."

Bree: "Reverend, if you don't call her on that incredibly insensitive comment, I'm gonna lose it."

Reverend: "I'm sure she didn't mean it the way it sounded."

Phyllis: "I knew exactly what I was saying."

Reverend: "Ladies!"

Bree: "The happiest time in Rex's life was not his childhood. He loved being a husband and he loved being a father."

Phyllis: "He may have loved being a father, but your marriage was a disaster."

Bree: "Phyllis, is there something you'd like to say?"

Phyllis: "You made the last years of Rex's life miserable and now he's dead and he'll never have another chance at happiness."

Bree: "You are no longer invited to the funeral."

Phyllis: "What?"

Reverend: "You're not serious?"

Bree: "Oh, yes, I am. I am going to hire security, and those security men are going to have sticks and if you so much as set foot in that sanctuary, they will be instructed to beat you with those sticks"

Reverend: "Bree, this is your grief talking."

Bree: "Reverend, if you don't back me up on this, so help me, I will pull the funeral out of your church."

Reverend: "Bree!"

Bree: "I am not kidding. I will go nondenominational so fast, it will make your head spin."

Bree smiles at Phyllis and walks out of the room.

Edie's Construction Site

Edie is drinking coffee as Susan approaches.

Edie: "Ugh. [she throws the cup away] Susan! I heard what happened with Zach. How are you doing?"

Susan: "Fine. Is Mike here?"

Edie: "Inside. Jeez. You must have been terrified. I mean, he put poor Felicia in the hospital. Did he pistol whip you?"

Susan: "No."

Edie: "Oh, come on. You can tell me. Did he slap you around?"

Susan: "No."

Edie: "Well, don't get me wrong. I'm, I'm thrilled that you're okay. It's just that when someone holds someone else hostage, they usually rough 'em up a little."

Susan: "It wasn't like that."

Edie: "Oh. Not even a little kicking?"

Susan: "Edie!"

Edie walks toward the house and passes Mike coming out.

Edie: "Someone to see you."

Mike: "Well, hey, how's it goin'?"

Susan: "Good. There's a rumor going around that you don't wanna press charges against Zach. Is that true?"

Mike: "Yeah."

Susan: "Wow. Um, I find that confusing."

Mike: "Look, if we make a big deal out of this, he could end up going to prison."

Susan: "He held a gun to my face, so I'm thinking, good."

Mike: "I've been to prison. He couldn't handle it."

Susan: "Who cares?"

Mike: "I care."

Susan: "Well, you should care more about me. I'm your girlfriend. We're moving in together. He's just a neighbor. You don't even know Zach."

Mike: "I know enough about him to know that deep down, he's a good kid."

Susan: "Mike, he wanted to kill you."

Mike: "But he didn't."

Susan: "You never asked me why Zach wanted to shoot you. Aren't you curious?"

Mike: "Does it matter?"

Susan: "Zach said you kidnapped his father so you could kill him."

Mike: "I didn't kill Paul Young."

Susan: "I didn't think you did. Now tell me why Zach does."

Mike: "I found some evidence that suggested that Paul murdered Deirdre. Sixteen years ago, Deirdre had a baby, and Paul and Mary Alice Young kidnapped him and raised him as their own. Deirdre tracked him down here to Wisteria Lane and demanded her baby back."

Susan: "So Paul killed her?"

Mike: "Actually, it was Mary Alice."

Susan: "Oh, my God."

Edie comes out of the house and hands Mike his cell phone.

Edie: "Mike? I answered your phone. It's the police."

Mike: "Yeah. Delfino. You did? Okay, I can be there in 20 minutes. [he hangs up] Zach's dead. They want me to come identify the body."

Morgue

Mike and Susan approach a covered body.

Officer Romslo: "Thanks for coming down. Since the kid's father is missing, we didn't know who else to call. So, you folks ready?"

Mike nods. A medical examiner lifts the covering over the body. A blond teenager with spiked hair lies on the table. Mike walks away from the table.

Susan: "That's not Zach."

Officer Romslo: "You're sure?"

Susan: "He had a gun in my face for six hours. I know what he looks like."

Susan turns and looks over at Mike.

Susan: "Can you give us a minute?"

Officer Romslo: "Sure."

Susan walks over to Mike.

Susan: "Zach is your son, isn't he?"

Mike: "Yeah. I'm pretty sure."

Susan: "How long have you known?"

Mike: "Paul Young told me. Deirdre got pregnant before I went to jail and, um, told me she had an abortion. Guess she lied."

Susan: "I see."

Mike: "When I took Paul out to the desert, and I was so angry, I just wanted to hurt him the way they hurt Deirdre. But then when he told me that he and Mary Alice had taken care of Deirdre's baby, my baby, that rage just went away. Kept me from doing something really stupid."

Susan: "Wow. I'm gonna take a cab home, okay?"

Susan leaves.

Bree's House

Bree is cleaning the kitchen counter.

Andrew: "Mom, Grandma's leaving, all right? You have to talk to her."

Bree: "No, I don't. If you heard the things that she said to me-"

Andrew: "Look, I'm sure she was a real bitch, okay? But she's family. That makes her our bitch. Let her say good-bye to dad."

Bree: "She went out of her way to be cruel to me. I don't want her at the funeral."

Danielle (crying): "Mom, if you don't let Grandma come, I will never forgive you."

Andrew: "Did I ask for your help? You know dad would want her there."

Bree removes her cleaning gloves and walks into the front hall where Phyllis is standing by her bags.

Bree: "It's true Rex and I did not have the perfect marriage, but for eighteen years I tried my very best, and for that I am entitled to your respect."

Phyllis: "Of course you are. Of course I respect you."

Bree: "Well, then why did you say those things to me?"

Phyllis: "I guess I thought it would be easier to be angry at you than to be angry with Rex. I mean, what was he thinking, leaving me?"

She begins to cry and Bree hugs her.

Bree: "I do want you to come to the funeral."

Phyllis: "Oh, you don't know what that means to me, Bree. Thank you."

She begins walking up the stairs, then stops and turns back to Bree.

Phyllis: "Someone should get my luggage."

Lynette's House

Lynette is in a black suit carrying her briefcase and Penny.

Lynette: "Okay, let's get outta here. Tom?"

Tom: "Yeah?"

She turns and sees Tom lying on the floor.

Lynette: "What's the matter?"

Tom: "My back - I threw it out. I was holding Parker upside down."

Lynette puts Penny into the playpen and grabs Tom's feet.

Lynette: "Okay. Come on. Give me your feet."

Lynette pushes his feet toward his body. A cracking noise is heard and Tom groans.

Lynette: "How's that? Is that better?"

Tom: "Honey, can you push the interview? Because I don't think I'm gonna be able to take care of Penny like this."

Lynette: "Don't do this to me. I don't have time to make a phone call, and I promised that woman I would not let the kids interfere with this job."

Tom: "But that was a stupid promise."

Lynette pushes Tom's legs toward his body again and he grunts.

Lynette: "Remember that time when you were away in Tucson, and I had a 104 fever, but I still managed to take the kids trick-or-treating?"

Tom: "Honey, I don't think that's helping."

Lynette: "Tom, being a mom is like being an E.R. doctor. There are no days off, so get up! Get up!"

Tom: "Okay."

He tries to stand, but can't move.

Lynette: "Jeez, are you crying?"

Tom: "Just a little. I'll be fine. You just go. Just go."

Lynette: "Oh, for god sakes!"

Lynette picks up Penny and the diaper bag.

Tom: "Give 'em hell, honey!"

Lynette: "You!"

Lynette leaves, carrying Penny.

Advertising Agency

Lynette rushes into the office, carrying Penny. A male secretary is at the font desk.

Secretary: "Hi, Mrs. Scavo. You can wait inside. They'll be right in."

Lynette: "Great. Listen, uh..."

Secretary: "Stu."

Lynette: "Stu. You look like a bright, uh, responsible young man, and I bet you just love kids. Am I right?"

Stu stares at Penny.

Nina's Office

Lynette waits in Nina's office. Nina and Ed enter.

Lynette: "Ah."

Nina: "Oh. Ed Ferrara, Lynette Scavo."

Lynette: "Thanks so much for having me in."

Ed: "Nice to meet you. Please, sit."

Lynette: "Thank you."

Ed: "We're gonna have to make this quick. I gotta leave in five to catch a plane. I got Celtic tickets on the floor."

Ed crumples up some paper and tosses it toward a little basketball net over the trash can. He makes the shot.

Ed: "It's a great rsum. I see you worked with the Donahues. You know, I snaked the Oslo candy account from 'em last year. [He tosses another crumpled paper and the basketball net and makes it.] So you've done a lot of copy work?"

Lynette: "I have. But when I moved over to Cenn and Simmons"

Lynette can see Stu holding Penny up in the air.

Lynette: "um, I got to do a broader range of campaigns."

She sees Stu lay Penny down on the edge of the desk as he goes over to talk to a pretty young lady.

Lynette: "Um...T... uh, V...and...uh... radio...uh, billboards."

She sees Penny crying.

Lynette: "Could you excuse me for a minute?"

Lynette runs out to the outer office.

Ed: "What's going on?"

Nina: "I have no idea."

Lynette picks up Penny.

Lynette: "Stu, you are an idiot. You're an idiot, an absolute idiot."

She rushes back into Nina's office, carrying Penny.

Lynette: "Hi. Guys, I'd like you to meet Penny. She gives me all my best ideas."

Nina: "You brought your baby to the interview?"

Lynette: "It won't be an ongoing thing."

Nina: "You bet it won't."

Ed: "Nina, it's fine. Any chance we can get that little lady to be quiet?"

Lynette: "Not until I change her diaper. Could you just give me two minutes?"

Ed: "Sorry. Plane."

Lynette: "Well, then watch me multitask."

She throws the diaper bag at Nina and lays Penny on the sofa and continues talking while removing Penny's dirty diaper.

Lynette: "Here's how I see it. You guys run a really good shop, but if you want your agency to go to the next level, you have to focus on two things. First, you've gotta win some awards. Do some P.S.A.s, pro bono stuff, whatever it takes, because whether they admit it or not, clients care about what's in your trophy case. Two, your web site. It's the first thing a client's gonna look at, and it's hard to navigate. There's no site map. It just wasn't built for people who grew up without computers. There. And third, I don't have a third. Yeah, so that's it."

Ed: "Okay, you're in."

Lynette: "Seriously?"

Ed: "Yeah. Take the office across the hall. I gotta run."

Ed leaves the office. Nina looks shocked.

Lynette: "Well, all right!"

Lynette tosses the dirty diaper toward the basketball net. The diaper hits the glass wall above it and falls on the rug.

Lynette: "Okay, obviously, I'm gonna clean that up."

Jail Visiting Room

Gabrielle hands Carlos a piece of paper labeled "DNA Testing."

Gabrielle: "Here it is in black and white. It's your kid. What? Why aren't you smiling?"

Carlos: "It's not enough."

Gabrielle: "What, you want a father's day card?"

Carlos: "You knew the one thing that I demanded was fidelity, and you still went out and screwed around behind my back."

Gabrielle: "You knew the one thing I didn't want was a child, and you still tricked me into getting pregnant!"

Carlos: "It's not the same thing."

Gabrielle: "Damn straight. What you did was worse."

Carlos: "We're not very nice people, are we?"

Gabrielle: "No, we're not."

Carlos: "Oh, when we got married, I thought we were gonna be so happy."

Gabrielle: "Me too. Look on the bright side. At least we're still rich."

Carlos: "Thank god for that."

Mike's House

Mike comes out his door for his newspaper. Susan is sitting there and startles him.

Susan: "So it occurred to me that I was really rude at the morgue. When you told me about Zach, I was so busy freaking out, I never actually congratulated you."

Mike: "Congratulated me?"

Susan: "I know how much you've always wanted a child, and now you have one."

Mike: "Thanks."

Susan: "Obviously, um, it was quite a shock, but it's good news any way you slice it."

Susan stands up and approaches Mike. He can see that she's crying.

Mike: "What's wrong?"

Susan: "So naturally you'll be wanting to have a relationship with him, and that, that takes time, a lot of time."

Mike: "Susan."

Susan: "And out of all the mixed-up teenagers in the world, Zach is just the one kid that I can't be around. I can't have Julie around him. So, um, what I'm trying to say is..."

Mike: "We can't move in together."

Susan: "But I am so happy for you. Really, you have a child, and that is good for you."

Mike: "Isn't there any way?"

Susan: "No. No, I'm so sorry. I'll, I'll, um, I'll see you around."

Susan rushes away as Mike watches her leave.

Church

Betty plays the organ as the Reverend leads the Van De Kamps in. Phyllis looks down at Rex in the open coffin and smiles. Danielle approaches and sees the teddy bear in the coffin with Rex. Andrew looks into the coffin, then walks to his seat. Bree approaches. She looks and sees that Rex is wearing the orange tie. She looks at Phyllis. Bree walks over to the pew and sits down. Betty stops playing the organ.

Reverend: "Today we've come together to celebrate the life of Dr. Rex Van de Kamp."

Bree stares at Rex lying in the coffin.

Bree ( to Phyllis ): "What is he wearing?"

Phyllis: "What?"

Reverend: "A life filled with love and laughter and most importantly.."

Bree: "I left him an hour ago, and he was wearing Ralph Lauren."

Phyllis: "But it's what Rex would have wanted. He loved that prep school."

Reverend: "But whichever coat he was wearing, Rex always brought an irresistible enthusiasm and a single-minded determination to..."

Later in the service, the Reverend is still talking.

Reverend: "So as we mourn the passing of Rex Van de Kamp, we give thanks to God, for we do not grieve as those who have no hope but as those who place their trust in God."

Bree stares at the coffin. Betty begins playing a hymn. Everyone stands. Two men begin covering Rex in the coffin and lowering the lid. Bree jumps up.

Bree: "Wait!"

The organ stops abruptly.

Bree: "Do not close that coffin."

Bree walks slowly down the aisle of the church, glancing down each pew. She stops at Lynette and Tom.

Bree: "Give me your tie."

Tom: "What?"

Bree: "Give me your tie!"

Lynette: "Give it to her! Give it to her!"

Tom removes his tie quickly and hands it to Bree. Bree walks back to the coffin with it. Everyone stares. Bree uncovers Rex, removes the orange tie, lifts Rex up, and puts Tom's tie on Rex. She lays Rex back down, and ties the tie.

Bree: "You look magnificent."

The Reverend signals at Betty. Betty begins playing and Bree walks out of the church into the sunlight.

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Susan, Lynette, Bree and Gabrielle are walking home together.

Susan: "So it looks like Mary Alice killed Zach's birth mother in order to keep her from taking Zach away."

Lynette: "Oh, my god. I mean, I knew Mary Alice had killed herself over something big, but wow. Can you imagine living with that guilt?"

Gabrielle: "Isn't it bizarre that Paul and Mary Alice had this secret all those years, and we didn't even know about it?"

Susan: "No, not really. I mean, what do we actually know about our neighbors? I mean, we can tell if they keep their lawns nice or they take their trash cans in, but when they do those things, we stop asking questions 'cause if people are good neighbors..."

Bree: "...we don't really care what happens behind closed doors."

As they walk by the Applewhite house, piano music is heard.

"It had been one year since my suicide"

Lynette: "Makes you wonder, doesn't it?"

"And a lot had changed on Wisteria Lane. There were new flowers, new houses and new neighbors, the kind anyone would want living right next door."

Betty's House

Betty is playing the piano. Matthew enters the room, holding a tray with food on it.

Matthew: "Is that another hymn?"

Betty: "I know. It's silly, but playing those songs today at the funeral just got me in the mood. This is your grandmother's favorite. Did you remember butter?"

Matthew: "I make up this tray every night."

Betty: "Of course you do. I'm sorry. Oh, look you added a flower."

Matthew: "Thought it'd be nice."

Betty: "How'd I get so lucky to have a child like you? You really do try to think about others. That flower is a small act of kindness you thought no one would notice, and yet you did it anyway. Says a lot about how you were raised."

Matthew: "Well, I guess you did your job."

Betty: "I guess so. I'll get the tray. You take the gun."

She hands a revolver to Matthew and picks up the tray. They walk to the basement. Matthew tucks the gun in his back waistband. They go downstairs. Betty steps aside as Matthew unlocks a padlocked door. Betty enters a room and places the tray on a table. She turns the tray around as though facing it toward someone. She walks to the door and looks back at the rose on the tray.

Betty: "It really is a lovely gesture."

She walks out of the room and Matthew relocks the door. A hand reaches for the glass on the tray. A thick leather strap is wrapped around the wrist.

Bree and Phyllis are walking among the gravestones.

Phyllis: "Now which one is Rex's headstone? I always forget."

Bree: "It's right down this row."

Phyllis: "Oh. Oh, yes. That's right."

"Over the years, Bree Van de Kamp had grown increasingly concerned over her mother-in-law's forgetfulness."

Flashback  Phyllis is standing with a tape measure hanging around her neck.

Phyllis: "Oh, honey, did I forget to take the pins out of that dress?"

Bree, trying on a dress, pulls a pin out of the dress.

"Her lapses had become more frequent..."

Flashback  Phyllis and Bree in the front yard.

Phyllis: "Sweetie, didn't I tell you I was gonna paint that chair?"

Bree slowly turns around, revealing green paint all over the back of her clothes.

"More glaring..."

Flashback  Phyllis is holding a mop.

Phyllis: "Oh, dear. Didn't I mention I waxed the floor?"

Bree lies on the floor where she had just slipped and fallen.

"And more dangerous."

Present - Bree and Phyllis are walking through the cemetery.

"Yes, Bree was worried about Phyllis' faulty memory, but she was more than happy to remind her, especially when it came to the important things."

Bree: "So have you given any thought to when you might be ending your visit? What?"

Phyllis: "Have I become a burden? Is that what you're saying?"

Bree: "I was simply asking when you were planning to leave. There was no agenda behind the question."

Phyllis: "Oh. I, I don't know. Why don't we play it by ear?"

Bree: "Yes, let's."

As they approach Rex's grave, they stop suddenly.

Phyllis: "What on earth?"

Bree: "Oh, my god. What happened?"

They slowly approach a large, coffin-shaped hole in the ground.

Phyllis: "It looks like someone dug Rex up."

Bree: "Well, I got that, but why? Why would they do that?"

Phyllis: "I don't know. Unless..."

Bree: "Unless what?"

Phyllis: "Maybe this has something to do with that insurance investigator."

Bree: "Insurance investigator?"

Phyllis: "He came by asking all sorts of questions."

Bree: "I don't know what you're talking about, Phyllis."

Phyllis: "Maybe you were at the store. Anyway, he was very suspicious."

Bree: "Suspicious?"

Phyllis: "Oh, yes. He has a theory that Rex didn't die of a heart attack. He thinks he was poisoned."

"It was in that moment Bree could finally see the truth."

Phyllis: "Did I not mention that?"

Phylllis walks away from Bree and smiles.

"Her mother-in-law's memory was fine. It was her soul that was faulty."

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

"The parties took place on the front lawn of forty-three, forty-seven Wisteria Lane every Sunday afternoon."

A table on the lawn is covered with a flowery tablecloth.

"Chloe Pendergast would bring the tea set, which was appropriate, since she was the hostess."

A young girl approaches the table carrying a serving tray and places it on the table.

"Brittany Chries provided formal attire from her mother's closet."

Another young girl pulling a wagon approaches. A box on the wagon contains many colorful articles of clothing.

"And Marissa Anne McKay invited the additional guests, some of whom hadn't been to a party in years."

A third young girl approaches carrying a variety of dolls and stuffed animals. She places them around the table.

The three young girl, all dressed up, are sitting around the table, having a pretend tea.

Girls: "Cheers."

"Of course, it never occurred to the young girls that while they were busy playing out their fantasy, one of the older girls in the neighborhood was engaging in a fantasy of her own."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle stands at the window, holding a cup of coffee, watching John, who is shirtless, as he prunes the trees outside her house. He smiles at her and she waves. He throws the pruning shears down and approaches the house. Gabrielle smiles coyly. He comes inside and they begin kissing.

Gabrielle stands at her window when she awakens from her daydream and sees an overweight shirtless man pruning her bushes. He rubs his nose and she frowns.

Gabrielle comes out her front door. The gardener, Ralph, almost runs into her.

Gabrielle: "Hey..."

Ralph: "Oh, hi, Mrs. Solis."

Gabrielle: "Ralph."

Ralph: "Off to the mall again?"

Gabrielle: "You know me."

Gabrielle walks past him to her car.

"There was nothing Gabrielle enjoyed as much as shopping."

Gabrielle pulls her convertible to the curb. She scoots down in the seat and looks across the street at John mowing someone's lawn.

"And even when she couldn't afford to take anything home, she took satisfaction in looking at the merchandise."

Gabrielle watches him with a smile on her face.

Susan's Front Yard  Daytime

Susan is pacing in front of her house, looking at her watch. She looks at Edie's house, down the street. Mike, working on his truck, sees her as she begins walking quickly toward Edie's house. He approaches her.

Mike: "Hey, Susan. What's going on?"

Susan: "It's Karl's weekend to have Julie, and they're always back by six. That's our custody agreement, back by six, and it's after six."

Mike: "It's, like, six-fifteen."

Susan: "Well, see? There you go."

Mike: "I'm sure they just forgot."

Susan: "Well, I have a court order. It's out of my hands."

Mike: "Yeah, it'd still be nice if you gave him a grace period."

Susan: "Oh, I'm being nice. I could have him arrested. I mean, don't get me wrong. I am all for Julie spending time with Karl. He is still her dad, and she loves him."

Mike: "But?"

Susan: "But he's with Edie. I mean, she's not exactly the maternal type. I wouldn't be a good mother if I wasn't concerned. I mean, who knows what passes for a kid-friendly, good time in there? Drugs? p0rn? Smoking?"

They reach Edie's house and hear singing.

Julie (singing): "Let it shine, shine, shine, let it shine."

Mike: "Doesn't sound like they're having an orgy in there."

Susan and Mike look through Edie's window and sees Edie sitting on the couch playing the guitar. Karl is standing near Julie who is singing.

Julie (singing): "All through the night, I'm gonna let it shine. All through the night, I'm gonna let it shine."

Mike: "Well, obviously, they saw us coming."

Julie (singing): "Let it shine, shine, shine, let it shine."

Lynette's Front Yard  Daytime

Tom and Parker are playing catch. Penny is in the playpen on the porch. Lynette drives up.

Tom: "Woo! That's a strike!"

Lynette: "Hey, guys!"

Parker: "Hey, Mommy."

Tom: "Hey! Look who's here!"

Lynette: "Parker, guess what I got."

Parker: "What?"

Lynette: "School supplies."

Tom: "School supplies!"

Lynette: "Yeah, and the best part of it is I got you a really cool backpack."

Parker: "Whoa, look at that. Pretty neat, huh?"

Parker: "Wow. Thanks."

Lynette: "So on your first day of school, you and your dad can find your cubby and you can hang it up."

Parker: "You're not taking me?"

Lynette: "Actually, your dad's gonna take you to school on your first day."

Tom: "Yeah, just me and you, big guy. I'll be right there to hold your hand."

Parker: "But I thought mommy was taking me."

Lynette: "Yeah, well, honey, I have to work. Mommy's boss is a mean, mean lady and if I miss work, I'll lose my job and then we won't have any money to buy food. Honey, you gotta believe me, if I could be there, you know that I would."

Parker gives the backpack back to Lynette and folds his arms across his chest.

Lynette: "All right. I didn't know it was that important to you. I will talk to my boss and I will see what I can do."

Parker: "Thank you, mommy."

Parker takes back the backpack and goes into the house.

Tom: "Wow, I don't want to rain on your parade, but he just totally manipulated you."

Lynette: "Well, hey, when a kid's that good, you gotta give him his due."

Police Station

Bree is sitting across from the detective in his office.

Bree: "An autopsy? Detective, Rex died of a heart attack."

Detective: "Well, there were some anomalies in the doctor's report."

Bree: "Anomalies? What anomalies?"

Detective: "Ma'am, I'm afraid I'm not at liberty to discuss this any further with you."

Bree: "Am I a suspect?"

Detective: "I didn't say that."

Bree: "Well, if I am, you're wasting your time. I loved Rex and anyone who knows me will tell you that I was incapable of hurting him."

Detective: "You sure about that?"

Bree: "You talked to Phyllis."

Detective: "Again, I can't discuss the case."

Bree: "She's my mother-in-law. Of course she said horrible things about me."

Detective: "Ma'am, lower your voice."

Bree: "She blamed me for every problem that Rex and I ever had."

Detective: "So there were problems with the marriage?"

Bree: "Well, it was a marriage. Of course there were problems."

Detective: "May I record this just so there's no confusion over your statement?"

Bree: "No, you may not record this."

Detective: "So you refuse to make a statement?"

Bree: "I'm not refusing anything. All I'm saying is stay away from Phyllis. She's a, she's a raving loon."

Detective: "Ma'am, perhaps you'd be more comfortable with an attorney present."

Bree: "You want a statement? Fine, I'll give you a statement."

The detective holds up a tape recorder and presses the record button.

Bree: "My husband died of a heart attack. I loved him very deeply, and your mother did a lousy job."

Bree grabs her purse and storms out of the detective's office.

Bree's House - Daytime

Phyllis, in her bathrobe, comes downstairs slowly, looking sleepy.

"To Bree's way of thinking, there were two kinds of people in the world."

Bree peeks from around the corner. Once Phyllis goes into the kitchen, Bree quietly runs upstairs.

"Those who were useless before their morning coffee"

Phyllis, barely awake, pours herself a cup of coffee.

"and those who weren't."

Bree, in Phyllis' closet, takes out Phyllis' clothes and her suitcase. Bree throws the suitcase on the bed.

Phyllis, eating a piece of toast and holding her coffee, comes out of the kitchen. Bree is at the front door with Phyllis' bags all packed and Bree is holding Phyllis' traveling suit and shoes.

Phyllis: "What's going on?"

Bree's Front Yard - Daytime

A cab driver, parked by the curb, closes the trunk of his car. Bree has Phyllis by the arm, nearly pushing her toward the cab.

Phyllis: "Don't rush me, Bree! I'm an old woman! Don't rush me."

Phylllis gets in the cab. Bree slams the door.

Bree: "Get her out of here."

As the cab drives away, Phyllis leans out of the window.

Phyllis: "I will tell you one thing: you wouldn't be acting this way if you didn't feel guilty about something!"

Bree waves good-bye to Phyllis.

Jail Visiting Room

Gabrielle sits at the visitor's table filing her nails.

A buzzer sounds, the door opens and the guard bring Carlos in. Carlos sits and Gabrielle hands him a card.

Carlos: "What's the occasion?"

Gabrielle: "Uh, our anniversary?"

Carlos: "Oh, right."

Gabrielle: "How could you forget our anniversary? You sit in a cell all day long staring at a calendar."

Carlos: "What's the big deal? Our marriage was a sham anyway."

Gabrielle: "Oh, we're not doing this again."

Carlos: "In real marriages, wives are faithful."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, and husbands remember anniversaries, so I guess we're even."

Carlos: "Are you equating forgetting our anniversary with cheating on me?"

Gabrielle: "You are clearly determined to ruin this special day for us."

Carlos: "What is wrong with you that you don't feel guilty?"

Gabrielle: "I feel tons of guilt, so back off."

Carlos: "You never even apologized."

Gabrielle: "I apologized a million times."

Carlos: "Yeah, but you always followed it up with an excuse. I was lonely, you weren't home enough, a woman needs to be loved.'"

Gabrielle: "A woman does need to be loved, and since you didn't give it to me, I had to find it elsewhere."

Carlos: "So that's what the teenager was doing in our bedroom. Filling you with love."

Gabrielle: "Say what you want, but John Rowland loved me like no one ever has. Not as a trophy or as a possession, but for me. He loved me."

Carlos laughs.

Gabrielle: "No, he really did."

Carlos: "Mm-hmm."

Gabrielle: "Let me count the ways. Um, gently, savagely, frequently, upside down..."

Carlos slams his hand on the table. The guard comes over.

Guard: "Is there a problem here?"

Gabrielle: "No, it's our anniversary. We're just reliving the good times."

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Gabrielle drives her Aston Martin car into her driveway. Matthew comes up to her.

Matthew: "That's an amazing car. Aston Martin, right?"

Gabrielle: "Uh-huh. Brand-new. Limited edition. A little anniversary present from my husband."

Matthew: "He's very generous."

Gabrielle: "More than he knows."

Gabrielle walks into her house.

Susan's House  Julie's Bedroom

Susan: "I'm sorry. What?"

Julie: "I'm singing at church for the family follies. Edie's going to accompany me on guitar. She's really good."

Susan: "So you and Edie are, are gonna be an act."

Julie: "Is that a problem?"

Susan: "No. No. I mean, I'm a little surprised that you didn't ask me to accompany you first."

Julie: "On what? You don't play an instrument."

Susan: "I play the piano. You know that."

Julie: "How would I know that? I've never seen you play."

Susan: "Well, I played in high school."

Julie: "So the last time you tickled the ivories was sometime in the late seventies?"

Susan: "It was the early eighties. Well, I'm not gonna argue with you. You want to do the show with Edie, and I think that's super. So she's really good, huh?"

Julie: "She knows her guitar. Apparently, there are a lot of musicians in her family, sort of like the Von Trapps."

Susan: "Hmm."

Julie: "Except, you know, her brother OD'd."

Betty's House

Betty and Matthew are setting up the meal tray in the kitchen.

Matthew: "All I'm asking you is to go out and play a little bit of ball. Is that such a big deal?"

Betty: "Matthew, you are such an excellent player, darling, that people will want to be your friend. Then next thing you know, God knows who will be wanting to drop by and calling. Sweetie, we need to keep a low profile."

Matthew takes the gun out of the drawer.

Matthew: "Yeah, I know, but I have got to get out of this house sometime. I'm going crazy here, okay?"

As Matthew opens the basement door, the door is pushed violently towards him. Betty falls backward dropping the tray. The man from the basement attacks Matthew, slamming him against the furniture and pushing him down to the floor. The man smashes things around the room and tries to run. Betty trips him and Matthew jumps on top of him. Betty grabs the gun and hits the man hard on the head. The man falls down.

Betty's House  Outside

Susan walks up to the front door and rings the bell.

Matthew, still on top of the man, looks toward the front door. Betty puts the gun down on the table, steps over the man and goes to the door.

Betty: "What is it?"

Susan: "Oh, my daughter is singing a song at church and I want to accompany her on the piano and I haven't played in years. Oh, you were just so amazing at Rex's funeral the other day, I was wondering..."

Betty: "I don't give lessons."

Susan: "Oh. Oh, okay.

Susan sees red stains on Betty's shirt.

Susan: "Oh. You have a little, uh, on your..."

Betty: "I'm baking cherry pie. Excuse me."

Betty goes back into the house and closes the door quickly. Susan walks away. Matthew is standing at the basement door, out of breath. The man is no longer on the floor.

Matthew: "What happened to maintaining a low profile? You keep being rude to everybody, they're gonna start whispering about us."

Betty: "You're right. We do want to fit in."

Betty gets a wet sponge and starts cleaning the blood off the floor.

Lynette's Office

Lynette exits her office. Stu is sitting at the desk outside the door.

Stu: "Lynette, check it out."

Lynette looks at the computer screen. A wide open mouth is on the screen.

Stu: "Jason's mouth."

Stu points at Jason who is holding a camera in front of his mouth.

Lynette: "Stu, isn't that the new video conference setup?"

Stu: "Yeah. Isn't the resolution fantastic?"

Lynette walks away, into Nina's office.

Lynette: "Hey, Nina."

Nina: "Mm-hmm?"

Lynette: "Uh, about tomorrow morning..."

Nina: "Mm-hmm?"

Lynette: "You know how the first hour of the morning meeting is always so slow? 'Cause I've got this thing..."

Nina: "Good god, this is not about your kids again, is it?"

Lynette: "I know, I promised I wouldn't do this, but Parker really needs me to be there on his first day of kindergarten. He's so freaked out I can't be there."

Nina: "I'm sorry. How is this my problem?"

Lynette: "Because we can't escape the fact that I have kids. I love my job, but to be fair, there's gotta be some balance."

Nina: "Okay, how about the people that don't have the kids? Did you ever consider that they might need a little more balance in their lives, hmm? Like, maybe they want to go see a matinee or perhaps they want to come in a little late after a big crazy night out or maybe they just want to get a hair cut, which I, myself, have not been able to do for two months. So, no, this is about fairness to the people who are childless by choice, okay?"

Lynette: "Okay. Good point. And I'm sorry about your hair. I can see why you're upset."

Lynette walks out of Nina's office. Stu holds the camera in front of Lynette. She knocks his hand away.

Stu: "Open wide."

Lynette: "Not now, Stu. Hang on a sec."

Lynette stops suddenly and looks at the camera.

Lynette's House

The computer from Stu's desk is in on the kitchen table. Parker is holding the camera.

Parker: "I don't understand."

Lynette: "This system is gonna let mommy be with you on your first day of school. The resolution is fantastic."


Wisteria Lane  Daytime

Gabrielle drives up to a curb to watch John garden someone else's lawn.

"The next day, Gabrielle decided to cheer herself up with another round of window shopping. But this time, she was taken aback by what was on display."

An older woman comes out of the house John is working at. She approaches John, runs her hand over his back and signals him to come inside. Gabrielle looks shocked. John puts down the hedge trimmer and goes inside. Gabrielle gets out of her car, sneaks up to the window and, amid faint moanings coming from inside, drops her jaw in apparent shock. Gabrielle walks back down the front steps and sees the electric hedge trimmer. She picks it up and starts it.

Later, John comes out the door. The older lady is in her robe. They kiss. Gabrielle watches from across the street, smiles and drives away. John and the lady look at the front yard. All the flowers have been cut off from all of the pots lining the walkway.

Felicia Tilman's House  Daytime

Mike knocks at the front door, holding a flowering plant. A bruised and battered Mrs. Tilman opens the door. She is wearing a neck brace.

Mike: "Mrs. Tilman."

Felicia: "Mr. Delfino."

Mike: "I, uh, heard you were back from the hospital. I brought you these."

Felicia: "Oh, I can't tell you how long it's been since I got flowers from a handsome man. I mean, I could, but I don't want your pity."

Felicia comes outside onto the porch. Mike sees her suitcases stacked at the front door.

Mike: "Where are you off to?"

Felicia: "I'm going back to Utah for a few weeks. The recuperation's taking longer than the doctors anticipated. Speaking of my attack, have they caught young Zachary yet?"

Mike: "No, actually, that's why I'm here."

Felicia: "So the flowers were just a ruse. Figures."

Mike: "I'm trying to find Zach before he gets in any more trouble. Do you know any friends that he might have, anywhere he might be holed up? I know you were close to him."

Felicia: "Funny thing. Since he beat me and threw me down the stairs, we just don't stay in touch like we should. Since when do you care so much about Zach Young?"

Mike: "It's complicated."

Felicia: "I'll bet. I'm sure he's out there somewhere trying to find his father, which I trust you made impossible."

Mike: "No, I let Paul go. I couldn't go through with it."

Felicia: "That was a mistake."

Mike: "He will spend the rest of his life running from the police. I think that's punishment enough."

Felicia: "Zach is the only connection that Paul has with his dead wife. At some point, he will run back here looking for him. I don't like to be negative, but you really should have killed him."

Bree's House  Nighttime

Bree, Danielle, and Andrew are having dinner.

Bree: "At the risk of ruining a lovely evening, I have some unpleasant news. The police dug up your father today."

Andrew: "What?"

Danielle: "Why?"

Bree: "Well, apparently, they want to do an autopsy. They don't think that he had a heart attack. They think that somebody was poisoning him."

Danielle: "Who would have poisoned daddy?"

Bree: "Well, apparently, I'm a suspect. Well, they always look at spouses first. It has something to with statistics. It's just a formality. I'll be cleared in no time. Would you two please stop looking at me like that? Obviously, I did not kill your father. I loved him deeply."

Danielle: "Yeah, but you and dad had a lot of problems. Everyone knows that."

Bree: "Yes, we had issues, but I would never have hurt him."

Danielle: "What about the night daddy had his second heart attack? You must have loved him a lot to make the bed before taking him to the hospital."

Bree: "I was in shock, Danielle. You know that. Andrew, surely you don't think I murdered your father."

Andrew: "I know you didn't. You're not capable of murder."

Bree: "Thank you."

Andrew: "That wasn't a compliment. It takes guts to kill somebody."

Betty's House - Daytime

Susan is playing the piano with Betty standing nearby, watching.

Susan: "Thank you so much for changing your mind about helping me. I really appreciate it."

Betty: "I'm happy to help. And I'm sorry if I seemed rude before. I, I was having a bad day. That's good. That's really good. You might want to lay off the pedal."

Susan: Really? Oh, I thought it made it sound more professional."

Betty: "It doesn't."

Susan keeps playing. Loud hip-hop music begins playing from somewhere within the house.

Susan: "Boy, your son really likes to play his hip-hop music loud."

Betty: "The good news is it drowns out the sound of the dryer. Arch your fingers, Susan."

Betty's House  Basement

A stereo sitting on a table plays loudly while Matthew mounts a lock on the basement door using an electric drill.

Edie's House

Edie is on the couch playing the guitar while Julie is singing.

Julie (singing): "Let it shine, shine, shine, let it shine."

Susan walks in, clapping.

Susan: "Hi. I'm sorry to interrupt. I knocked, but I guess you guys didn't hear me."

Edie: "No, we heard you. We were just hoping that whoever it was would go away. I'm still hoping that'll happen."

Julie: "What's up, mom?"

Susan: "Well, I have good news. Um, I've been taking piano lessons with Betty Applewhite, and, uh, well, I just thought maybe I could join you guys. You know, like a trio. Doesn't that sound fun?"

Edie: "I don't do trios, but thanks anyway."

Susan: "Well, I don't mean to be technical here, but this show, I mean, it really is supposed to be a family thing, and I hate to point out you're not family."

Edie: "No, but I have talent, and to most audiences, talent trumps family."

Susan: "Well, what makes you so sure I don't have talent?"

Edie: "Hmm, just a hunch."

Susan: "Yeah, well, we've all seen your talent, which is a nice way of telling you why don't you put some curtains on your bedroom window?"

Julie: "Guys!"

Edie: "Oh, come on, be honest. You didn't want any part of this until you found out that I was involved."

Susan: "That is so not true!"

Edie: "Oh, yes, it is. It burns you that your own daughter picked me over you."

Susan: "She did not pick you. It just didn't occur to her that I would agree to do it. Well, now she knows, and if she had it to do over again, she'd pick me."

Edie: "No, she wouldn't."

Susan: "Well, why don't we put it to a test? Julie, who would you rather have play with you?"

Julie: "Oh, no, no, no, no."

Susan: "No, it's okay, honey. Who do you want to be with you in the family talent show?"

Edie: "Yes, who do you want with you in front of all of those people? And remember, it's a church. They are going to be judging you."

Julie: "Oh, okay. Well, first of all, you both suck, but if I had to choose, I guess I'd pick my mom. Sorry, Edie."

Edie: "Fair enough. I'd like my pitch pipe back, please."

Gabrielle's House  Daytime

Gabrielle walks down the sidewalk to get her mail. John comes up to her.

John: "It was you, wasn't it?"

Gabrielle: "Hello, John. Long time, no see."

John: "One of the neighbors saw an Aston Martin driving away" (points to Gabrielle's car) "and what do you know?"

Gabrielle: "Well, someone had to tend to the yard. You were busy elsewhere."

John: "You saw us?"

Gabrielle: "Yes, and I have to say she's old enough to be your mother. Hell, she's old enough to be my mother."

John: "Joan's only forty-one."

Gabrielle: "Joan? You're calling her Joan?"

John: "Why shouldn't I? She's my friend."

Gabrielle: "I know your friends, and I have a hunch you don't do to your friends what I saw you doing to that wrinkly old lady."

John: "Okay, so you caught me doing it with somebody else. What's the big deal?"

Gabrielle: "You're supposed to be in love with me."

John: "What?"

Gabrielle: "How many times did you say it? How many times did you whisper in my ear, you're the only woman I'll ever love'?"

John: "I don't know. A bunch."

Gabrielle: "So were you lying to me? Were you just trying to get me into bed?"

John: "No, of course not. I loved you, but we broke up."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, like five minutes ago! Haven't you ever heard of a mourning period?"

John: "I know it seems quick, but I have feelings for her. In fact, I think I may be in love with her."

Gabrielle: "Oh, my god."

She clutches her stomach.

John: "What's the matter? Is it the baby?"

Gabrielle: "No. Oh, no, no. It's me. I am beyond stupid."

Gabrielle sits on her front steps.

John: "You're not stupid."

Gabrielle: "Oh, no, I am. Yesterday, I was still fantasizing that it could work with you, that a one-bedroom apartment might be cozy."

John: "Mrs. Solis, please."

Gabrielle: "Oh, my god. I almost left my husband for someone who calls me Mrs. Solis."

John: "So, are you upset because you want to get back together? Because I can break up with Joan."

Gabrielle: "That's okay, sweetie. I'm good."

John: "So this is it for us? Cause I really feel like we should end it better than this."

Gabrielle: "Actually, John, given how stupid both of us have been, this an entirely appropriate ending."

Police Station

Bree, Andrew and Danielle enter the Detective's office.

Detective: "Mrs. Van de Kamp. What can I do for you?"

Bree: "I would like to submit myself to a lie detector test to eliminate any uncertainty about what happened with my husband."

Detective: "Are you sure you don't want a lawyer present?"

Bree: "I'll waive all that. My only stipulation is that I want my children to be able to see me answer the questions."

Detective: "I think we can accommodate you."

Investigation Room

Bree is connected to a lie detector. The Detective, Andrew and Danielle are watching through a one-way mirror.

Technician: "Is your name Bree Van de Kamp?"

Bree: "Yes."

Technician: "Were you married to Rex Van de Kamp?"

Bree: "Yes."

Technician: "Did you and your husband temporarily separate last year?"

Bree: "Yes."

Technician: "Did you kill your husband?"

Bree ( emphatically ): "No."

Bree looks at the lie detector screen. The line remains even.

Technician: "Do you know a man named George Williams?"

Bree: "Yes."

Technician: "During your separation from your husband, did you have a relationship with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "What does that have to do with anything?"

Technician: "Just yes or no responses, please."

Bree: "Well, I'm not gonna respond to something that's none of your business."

The detective enters the room.

Detective: "Mrs. Van de Kamp, if you want us to take this polygraph seriously, answer the questions we ask, okay?"

The detective leaves the room.

Danielle: "Who's George Williams?"

Andrew: "He's our pharmacist."

Technician: "During your separation, did you have a relationship with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "Yes."

Bree looks at the screen. The line remains unchanged.

Technician: "Are you in love with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "What? "

Technician: "Are you in love with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "No"

Bree looks at the screen. The lines are spiked.

Bree: "Um, I, I was thinking of something else just then, so why don't you ask me the question again?"

Technician: "Are you in love with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "No."

The lines on the screen are spiked all the way to the top of the screen.

Danielle: "Did you see that?"

Andrew: "Yeah. I saw it."

Bree looks at the mirror. Andrew walks away.

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

Betty is taking flowers out of her SUV. Susan walks up with sheet music.

Betty: "Hello, Susan. Are you ready for your lesson?"

Susan: "Yep, I am. I think I'm going to make another push for using that pedal. I think it adds grandeur."

As they walk to Betty's house, a car screeches up with the horn honking.

Karl: "I want to talk to you!"

Susan: "I'm busy now."

Karl: "I cannot believe you kicked Edie out of Julie's performance!"

Susan: "I did not kick Edie out. Julie made that call."

Karl: "Because you played the mom card."

Susan: "Well, it is a family recital, and Edie is not family."

Karl: "One day, she could be."

Susan: "Oh, don't even joke like that."

Karl: "How about your plumber-slash-convicted murderer, huh? He seems to keep popping up at "family" events."

Susan: "It was not murder, it was manslaughter, and that's totally different. Mike and I aren't even living together, and he cares about Julie."

Karl: "Well, so does Edie, huh? She was really looking forward to performing with Julie."

Susan: "If you think Edie Britt cares about anybody other than herself, you are living in a fool's paradise. You don't know her the way I do, and the only reason she's interested in Julie is to mess with my head."

Karl: "Hey, that's both crazy and self-absorbed. That's a twofer! Way to go! Whether you choose to believe it or not, they're both great together, and if you don't believe me, ask Julie."

Karl gets in his car and drives away.

Susan: "I'm sorry you had to witness that."

Betty: "Oh, that's okay, hon. I have lived my share of family knock-down drag-outs."

Susan: "Well, I hope it wasn't as ugly as me and Karl."

Betty: "You'd be surprised."

Lynette's Office

Lynette sits at her desk, setting up the video conferencing system. Parker and Tom are on the computer screen.

Lynette: "Parker, honey, can you hear me? Tom, why isn't he talking?"

Tom: "Um, honey, there are a lot of kids here. He's a little stressed. Parker, say hi, say hi."

Parker: "Mommy?"

Lynette: "Oh, hey, honey, this is so exciting. Your first day of school. You're going to make so many friends."

Nina sticks her head in the door.

Nina: "Lynette, staff meeting, now."

Lynette: "Uh, right, yeah. I'm going to be right there."

Nina: "Now. Now, now, now!"

Nina walks out and puts her coffee cup on Stu's desk.

Nina: "Stu, this coffee, it's cold."

Lynette: "Honey, I'm gonna be right back."

Parker: "Mommy? Where are you going?"

Lynette: "Right back."

Parker: "Mommy, come back!"

Conference Room

The staff is sitting around a large table.

Nina: "Okay, let's turn to page five."

Lynette: "Damn. I forgot my prospectus. Any extra copies? No? Oh, I'll be right back."

Lynette gets up and rushes out of the room.

Lynette's Office

Lynette: "Hi, I'm back. How's he doing?"

Tom: "Um, um, honey, he's upset because he wanted to show you his cubby. You left."

Lynette: "Oh, honey, I'm here. I'm here. You can show me your cubby now."

Stu sticks in head in Lynette's office.

Stu: "Nina found extra copies. She wants you back now."

Lynette: "Okay. I'll be back in two seconds, sweetie."

Parker: "Mommy! Mommy! Don't go!"

Conference Room

Lynette sits at the table with the other staff members.

Nina: "So the big issue here is second-quarter billing."

Lynette gets up and starts leaving the room.

Nina: "Where are you going?"

Lynette: "Ladies' room."

Nina: "No."

Lynette: Nina, nature is calling."

Nina: "Lynette, hold it for ten minutes. We have to get through this."

Lynette sits down again.

Nina: "What I'd like to do is trade out the invoicing structure. Let's take a look at our graphs on page ten, please."

"Lynette had been struggling to balance her career and her family. She finally saw an opportunity to tip the scales in her favor."

Nina drinks from her coffee cup, then sets it down on a folder. Lynette sees that the cup is tilted and near the edge of the table.

Nina: "Instead of badgering clients with invoices on the shorter term campaigns, I say we bill on delivery."

Lynette: "Yes!"

Lynette hits the able hard. The cup moves closer to the edge.

Lynette: "Bill on delivery, yes!"

She hits the table again. The cup moves to the edge of the table.

Nina: "Are you having a seizure?"

Lynette: "No, no, I'm just, I'm very excited. It's a really good plan. Yeah."

Nina: "Now, what happened on the Burman account is that they were sent duplicate bills by Tina and Ron in accounting and I'm not pointing any fingers, but Tina, Ron, about walking in and seeing all my lines lit up with disgruntled.."

Lynette sits back in her chair and lifts the table up with her knee. The coffee cup falls into Nina's lap. She jumps up.

Nina: "Aah! Ohh! Hot! Hot! Help. Stu! Aah! Aah!"

Lynette's Office

Lynette: "And that's why we packed you extra cookies so you could share with all your new friends, remember?"

Parker: "Uh-huh."

Tom: "I think we're good to go now, honey."

Lynette: "You're gonna be great, Parker. I love you."

Parker: "I love you, too, mommy."

Lynette throws a kiss to Parker and turns the screen off. She spins in her office chair and sees the staff hovering around Nina, who is holding ice packs to her inner thighs.

Pharmacy  Daytime

Bree enters and walks up to the pharmacy counter.

George: "Bree, hi. What can I do for you?"

Bree: "Well, for starters, you can help me prove to the police that we didn't conspire to kill my husband."

George: "Okay."

Bree: "So because of the anomalies in Rex's blood, the police started to wonder if I'd been poisoning Rex."

George: "That's absurd. Lots of things can cause high potassium levels: renal failure, low sodium."

Bree: "Well, that's why I took the polygraph, to prove to them that I was innocent."

George: "Obviously, you passed."

Bree: "Sort of. Well, I think the police now have a different theory, which is if I wasn't poisoning Rex on my own, then maybe you were helping me."

George: "You're kidding."

Bree: "No, that's why I need you to take the polygraph, too."

George: What? "

Bree: "It's the quickest way to prove to the police that they're wrong."

George: "I. I don't understand. We're just friends. Why would the police assume that people in a platonic relationship would want to murder someone?"

Bree: "Um, um, during the test, they asked me some questions about you and, um, us and whether we had a relationship and I said yes, because it's true. And then they asked me something else, something I hadn't considered."

George: "Which was?"

Bree: "They asked me if I loved you."

George: "What did you say?"

Bree: "I said no."

George: "Oh."

Bree: "But according to the polygraph, that wasn't exactly true."

George: "Well, I don't, I don't know if that means anything. Polygraphs aren't completely reliable."

Bree: "I think perhaps the machine picked up on something, something that I wasn't aware of."

George: "Wow."

Bree: "That's why I need you to take the test and answer the detective's questions, because I'm not going to know exactly how I feel until we put this behind us, but then, once we do..."

George: "We can move on."

Church

Emcee: "Can those Chicorelli sisters dance or what? Wow, look out Broadway! Now don't forget that we will have cookies and juice set up in the basement after we're done here. We want to see you all there. And for our next act, please welcome the musical stylings of Julie and Susan Mayer."

The audience applauds.

Susan and Julie come out on stage. Julie goes to the microphone and Susan sits at the piano. After a couple of seconds of silence, Susan gets up and whispers in Julie's ear.

Susan: "I'll be right back." (into the microphone) "Oh, um, I'm just gonna need a couple of seconds, so feel free to pray."

Susan runs down to Edie in the audience sitting next to Karl.

Susan: "The other day when I saw you making music with my family, I got a little jealous and I went a little crazy and I pushed you out. Seeing you sitting here today, well, I can see how much you care about Julie, and she comes first, and it should be you up there playing with her, not me. So I'm sorry."

Karl: "Thank you, Susan."

Edie: "How convenient that you decided this after I showed up without my guitar."

Susan: "Well, like I said, I'm sorry. I wish it could be you up there."

Edie: "You know, I play piano."

Later

Emcee: "And so let's all welcome Julie Mayer and her Aunt Edie."

The audience applauds. Susan sits next to Karl, while Edie is at the piano. She begins to play.

Karl: "You did a good thing."

Susan: "Yeah, well, I try."

Edie plays the piano off-key. Julie cringes as she begins to sing.

Julie (singing): "This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine."

Julie turns to look at Edie.

Edie: "Ohh, give me a break. This thing has, like, ninety flats in it."

Susan: "Poor Julie."

Karl: "Stop it. You're loving this."

Susan: "No, not at all."

Susan pushes the camera Karl is holding up to film.

Julie (singing): "Let it shine, shine, shine let it shine."

Jail Visiting Room

Carlos enters. He sits across from Gabrielle.

Carlos: "So, they said you needed to see me. What is it? What's going on?"

Gabrielle: "Um, I've been thinking, you know, about, um, everything that happened with John, and, and, um, I was really selfish and stupid. And I'm sorry. I really am sorry. That's all I had to say, really."

Carlos: "You know what? That is the best anniversary gift that you've ever given me."

Carlos reaches across the table and holds Gabrielle's hand.

Gabrielle: "Really?"

Carlos: "Yeah."

Gabrielle: "Actually, the one you gave me is really nice, too."

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

Chloe Pendergrass holds her tea party with her friends.

"Everyone enjoys a game of make-believe now and then. Of course, the ways in which we play can vary greatly."

Lynette's Office

Lynette picks up a framed picture of her and Parker from her desk.

"Sometimes we tell ourselves work won't interfere with our family life."

Nina sticks her head in the door.

Nina: "Lynette, staff meeting, now."

Lynette: "Yeah."

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

"Sometimes, we imagine certain relationships to be more meaningful than they really are."

John is mowing a lawn. Gabrielle jogs by. John waves to her, but Gabrielle doesn't respond.

Betty's House

"Occasionally, we put on a show, as if to convince ourselves our secrets aren't really all that terrible."

Matthew and Betty are preparing the meal tray. Matthew gets the gun.

Police Station

Bree and the Detective are standing on the glass side of the one-way mirror into the investigation room.

"Yes, the game of make-believe is a simple one."

Inside the room, George is taking a lie detector test.

Technician: "Did you know Rex Van de Kamp?"

George: "Yes."

Technician: "Did Mrs. Van de Kamp ask you to poison her husband?"

George: "No."

Technician: "Did you poison Rex Van de Kamp?"

"You start by lying to yourself..."

George: "No."

The line on the polygraph is unchanged.

"And if you can get others to believe those lies, you win."

George smiles.

"The residents of the Fairview County Jail looked forward to every Tuesday."

The yard is built around a fenced-in walkway. Inmates are milling around the yard.

"That was the day that Gabrielle Solis came to visit her husband."

Flashback - Gabrielle enters the fenced in enclosure. All the inmates gather near the fence to watch her walk through the enclosure.

"The inmates went out of their way to give her compliments whether she wanted them to or not."

Flashback  The inmates make kissing noises and whistle as Gabrielle walks through. Gabrielle shakes her head in disgust.

"With each visit, these accolades became increasingly inventive."

Flashback - Gabrielle in a gold outfit walks through. The inmates continue to make sexual gestures and cat calls.

Inmates: "Who's your daddy! Look over here!"

"Still Gabrielle was not flattered. In fact, Gabrielle started to dread this special attention."

Flashback  Gabrielle enters the enclosure. Inmates makes gestures as though he is riding a horse. Gabrielle is disgusted and ignores them.

Inmates: "Ride em.. Ride em!"

"Until one day when"

Present - Fairview County Jail  Daytime

Gabrielle is walking down the fenced in area with Carlos' lawyer, Mr. Doyle.

Gabrielle: "I don't think a conjugal visit is such a ridiculous request."

Mr. Doyle: "With all due respect, Mrs. Solis, let's just get through the discovery phase first, okay?"

Gabrielle: "But, I don't think I can wait that long."

Mr. Doyle: "I am trying to get your husband out of jail. You want me to just stop everything so you can have a booty call?"

Gabrielle smacks the attorney with her purse.

Gabrielle: "Excuse me! We are husband and wife. When we make love it is a very sacred covenant."

Mr. Doyle: "Huh!"

Gabrielle: "Okay, look, all we need is twenty minutes."

Mr. Doyle: "I said no."

Gabrielle: "You can't tell me no.You work for me. You will make it happen!"

Mr. Doyle: "You can't force me to do anything. I am not your maid. Or your gardener."

Gabrielle slaps Mr. Doyle. All the inmates along the walkway are watching.

Inmates: "Oh, Oh, ha!"

Mr. Doyle: "I could have you arrested for that."

Gabrielle: "Oh really. Then how about for this?"

Gabrielle slaps him again, even harder. He falls against the fence.

Mr. Doyle: "You crazy bitch! Ow!"

Inmate #1, behind the fence, pokes Mr. Doyle with a stick.

Inmate #1: "Apologize to the lady!"

Mr. Doyle: "Big mistake, pal. I play golf with the warden. You're gonna rot in-ow!"

Inmate #2 on the other side, pokes Mr. Doyle with a stick.

Inmate #2: "You heard him. Apologize!"

Gabrielle looks on in shock.

Mr. Doyle: "Look, fellows, I am just trying to do my job. This is all her fault. If she weren't so damn horny... Ow! Ow! Ow! All right, all right."

Inmates behind Mr. Doyle continue to poke him with sticks. He staggers toward the exit gate as the inmates continue to poke and yell at him.

A whistle blows. A guard in the tower shoots tear gas into the crowd. The inmates continue to poke Mr. Doyle. One inmate grabs him by his tie and pulls him into the fence.

Inmates: "Apologize!"

"It was at that moment, it occurred to Gabrielle this was the nicest compliment she had ever received."

Gabrielle watches and smiles.

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane  Twilight

"There was one thing all the fathers on Wisteria Lane had in common."

Flashback - A car drives up in front of a home. A man gets out of car and runs up to the front door as 2 kids run out the front door and hug their daddy.

Kids: "Daddy, daddy."

"They could return home after a hard day's work the family they left behind."

Flashback - Man #2 approaches his porch and two little girls run out and hug him.

Little Girl: "Daddy, daddy."

"And not feel at all guilty about the precious moments they had missed."

Wisteria Lane  Nighttime

Lynette pulls into her driveway and runs into her house.

"Sadly, the same could not be said for the working mothers."

Lynette's House

Parker is fast asleep in his bed. Lynette creeps into the room quietly. She sees a black umbrella lying on the bed next to Parker. She covers Parker with the blanket and taps him with a kiss.

Lynette's House  Kitchen

Tom: "Hey, honey. I held dinner for as long as I could. It just got-"

Lynette kisses Tom.

Tom: "-too late for them."

Lynette: "You couldn't have given them coffee or something? I just feel like I'm missing out on their lives entirely."

Tom: "Hey, you sit, eat and I will fill you in."

Lynette sits down at the kitchen table where there is a plate of spaghetti. She picks up the bread and begins eating.

Tom: "Oh, don't eat that. That's been sitting out for hours. That's for Mrs. Mulberry." (getting a plate out of the oven) "This is for you."

Tom brings a warm plate to Lynette.

Lynette: "I'm sorry, who?"

Tom: "Oh, Mrs. Mulberry. Parker has an imaginary friend. Um, British nanny. I think he really locked into the whole Mary Poppins thing."

Lynette: "Is that why he's sleeping with an umbrella?"

Tom: "He carries it with him everywhere. It's a security blanket."

Lynette: "When did this start?"

Tom: "About a week ago, I guess."

Lynette: "And you don't find it odd that Parker's new nanny made her appearance right at the time I went back to work?"

Tom: "Kids have imaginary friends. It's no big deal."

Lynette: "I agree with you to a point when they're flying kangaroos or giant robots, not surrogate mommies."

Tom: "Hey, Parker is having a little trouble adjusting, that's all. Apparently, so are you. Honey, don't be so sensitive."

Lynette: "I hope you're right. At the risk of sounding too sensitive," (pointing to Mrs. Mulberry's plate) "how come she gets a bigger portion?"

Susan's House  Nighttime

Susan is on the front porch, holding a swan made of tin foil. Mike kisses her, then walks away.

Susan: "What, that's it?"

Mike: "You're the one who said you wanted things to be casual between us."

Susan: "Yeah, but that doesn't mean we have to act like brother and sister. I mean, you bought me ribs. I have gratitude to express."

Susan pulls Mike to her and kisses him. Mike kisses her back, then pulls away.

Susan: "What's wrong?"

Mike: "I can't do this. This casual thing. It's, it's weird."

Susan: "No, no, it's not. We're just gonna pretend like it was when we first started dating. We'll just see each other occasionally. You know, until we get this Zach thing resolved. You know, we'll just be easy about it. No commitments. Except, of course, neither of us is allowed to date anybody else."

Mike: "Look, I know how you feel about Zach, and I don't blame you. But he's part of the package right now and either you can accept that or you can't."

Susan nods.

Mike: "Anyway."

Mike begins to walk away. Susan watches as Mike leaves.

Susan: "Mike, wait!"

She runs after him. She catches up with him.

Susan: "I accept."

Mike: "Are you sure?"

Susan: "Zach's your son, and, and I have Julie and you've totally accepted her. I mean, granted, she's been the model child, so far, but she's almost fifteen. She's gonna turn on me any minute. You better be there to help me when it gets ugly."

Mike: "I will."

They smile and Susan kisses Mike.

Susan: "Good night."

She walks back toward her house.

Mike: "Uh, Susan."

Susan: "Yeah?"

Mike: "Technically, we don't have to be casual anymore."

Susan: " I can be naked in twenty seconds! That includes travel time."

Susan pulls Mike toward his house.

Fairview Jail Visiting Room

Couples are sitting across from each other.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, will you calm down?"

Carlos: "You incited a prison riot!"

Gabrielle: "It wasn't a riot. It was more of a melee."

Carlos: "Who's going to defend me now? Doyle knew my case. He knew the judge."

Gabrielle: "He called me a bitch."

Carlos: "Well, were you acting like one?"

Gabrielle: "He refused to help me get a conjugal visit."

Carlos: "Hold it. My lawyer's in traction because you wanted s*x?"

Gabrielle: "Not just for me. For us. In case you haven't noticed, Carlos, our marriage is still on shaky ground."

Carlos: "And you thought a conjugal visit would fix it?"

Gabrielle: "It couldn't hurt! Ever since you've been in here, all we do is bicker!"

Carlos: "That's all we ever did when I was out! That's what we do!"

Gabrielle: "Yeah, but when we would finish arguing, we had this great s*x! Now all we do is fight and there's no payoff and it sucks! You and I need to get laid!"

Everyone in the room turns to look at her.

Gabrielle: "Oh, don't judge me! You're not in here because you got caught helping the poor." (to Carlos) "See, we'd be enjoying this argument more if we had something to look forward to!"

Carlos: "Fine! Get the damn lawyer. And make it quick."

Gabrielle leaves.

Outside Bree's House  Nighttime

Bree stands outside with George. He leans forward and she kisses him on the forehead.

George: "I take it that was my goodnight kiss."

Bree: "George, you're a very special friend, you are, but Rex hasn't been dead four weeks so I think kissing on the lips is"

George: "Further than you want to go."

Bree: "Exactly. I hope you don't mind."

George takes hold of Bree's hands. The front door of Bree's house slams. They turn and see Andrew come out holding a trash bag. They drop hands.

Bree: "Andrew. What are you doing?"

Andrew: "Taking out the garbage."

Bree: "Of course. You remember Mr. Williams."

George: "Hi, Andrew."

Andrew: "George."

Bree: "Ah, well it's getting late so"

George: "Yeah. So let me know if you want to go out to dinner again soon. There's a couple new restaurants I would like to try."

Bree: "You know, we've been eating out a lot lately. Why don't you come over Friday for a home-cooked meal. Wouldn't that be nice?"

Andrew stands next to Bree.

George: "I would love that."

Andrew: "So you leaving or what?"

George: "We're not done talking."

Andrew: "She said it was getting late. In case you missed that, that was a hint."

Bree: "Andrew, that wasn't a hint."

George: "I'll go when I'm ready."

Bree: "Actually, it is getting late, and I am tired, so..."

Andrew: "See, you heard the lady. Now take off."

Andrew pushes George.

Bree: "Andrew!"

George: "It's okay. He's not really that tough. He knows I would never hit a child."

Andrew shoves George with both hands.

Bree: "Andrew!"

George pushes Andrew with one hand.

Bree: "George."

Andrew shoves George and knocks him down.

Bree: "Stop it, the two of you, this instant! This was a perfectly lovely evening and now the both of you have ruined it. I will not tolerate this kind of behavior. Do you understand?"

Andrew nods. Bree turns toward George, who is still on the ground. George gets up.

Bree: "All right then. George, we'll see you Friday for dinner. I'll be serving fish."

Bree turns and walks inside. Andrew follows her. George stares after him.

Lynette's house  Morning

Lynette is sitting on Parker's bed, waking him. Parker is holding the umbrella as he sleeps.

Lynette: "Hey buddy, wake up sleepyhead. Parker. Hi, hi pal. What do you say you and me go get some donuts, okay, before mommy has to go to work. Yeah?"

She pulls Parker up, but he falls back down asleep, hugging his umbrella.

Lynette: "Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on."

Lynette's Car  Morning

Lynette climbs in. Parker is sitting in the back seat.

Lynette: "All right. Ah. So, what do you think you are going to have, huh? Jelly? Cause I think I'm gonna have a bear claw."

Lynette begins backing up the car.

Parker: "Stop! We forgot Mrs. Mulberry!"

Lynette: "What? Oh, um. Well, since I'm here, maybe she could just relax in the house for a little while, okay?"

Parker: "No! I need her!"

Lynette: "Okay."

Lynette unbuckles her seat belt and gets out. She stands outside the passenger door and pretends to talk to someone.

Lynette: "Hello, Mrs. Mulberry. Don't forget to buckle up."

Back in the driver's seat, she begins to back up the car.

Lynette: "Here we go."

Parker: "Wait! You forgot her umbrella!"

Lynette: "Well Parker, we don't have time."

Parker: "No! She needs it!"

Lynette unbuckles her seat belt and runs inside the house.

Lynette's House - Bedroom

Tom is helping one of the twins get ready.

Tom: "Hey, what are you still doing here?"

Lynette: "I'm looking for Parker's umbrella. Have you seen it?"

Tom: "Nope, no, sorry. Hey honey, you'd better hurry. You're gonna be late for work."

Lynette: "Thank you for that."

Lynette runs out of the room. She runs outside, carrying a wide sun hat, and gets into the car.

Lynette: "I couldn't find Mrs. Mulberry's umbrella so I brought her her sun hat instead, all right? And, here we go."

Parker: "It's in the shower."

Lynette: "What?"

Parker: "Mrs. Mulberry said she left it in the shower."

Lynette: "Well why didn't Mrs. Mulberry volunteer that information before I turned your room upside down looking for it, hmm?"

Parker: "Are you going to go get it?"

Lynette: "No! I'm not going to get the damn umbrella! I'm so sorry, sweetie. I am not mad at you."

Parker unbuckles his seat belt and climbs out of the car.

Lynette: "What are you doing?"

Parker opens the other passenger door, then slams it.

Parker: "We don't want donuts."

Parker goes back into the house. Lynette puts her head on the steering wheel and sighs.

Bree's House

Bree is folding laundry when Andrew comes in wearing a ripped T-shirt.

Bree: "Andrew! You are not leaving the house dressed like that."

Andrew: "I'm, I'm just gonna meet some of the guys at the swim club."

Bree: "I don't care. Here, put this on. Every time you leave this house, you represent this family. And the least you can do is not humiliate us."

Andrew removes the ripped shirt and puts on the shirt Bree hands him.

Andrew: "A ripped T-shirt is just a look."

Bree: "Yes. A bad one. I hope you haven't made plans for tomorrow night."

Andrew: "Look, if you think I'm having dinner with the pharmacist, you're crazy."

Bree: "Part of the reason I'm having him over is so that you can get to know him."

Andrew: "Yeah, well, I don't want to get to know him."

Bree: "Honey, the feelings that you're having are perfectly normal, but George isn't trying to take your father's place. He's, well, he's just a friend."

Andrew: "Really? Just a friend? So you're not planning on getting more serious with this guy in the future?"

Bree: "You know, I haven't even thought about it."

Andrew: "You're so transparent, it's pathetic. You're worried about a ripped T-shirt humiliating this family? Wait 'till people see that you're dating the town nerd less than a month after your husband's funeral."

Bree: "I'll be serving dinner tomorrow at seven. Please don't be late."

Andrew: "Sorry, but, I already have plans."

Bree: "Andrew, don't you have a meet at the swim club?"

Andrew: "Yeah. So?"

Bree: "Doesn't it require a large entrance fee? One that you can't afford by yourself?"

Andrew: "Are you blackmailing me into coming to dinner?"

Bree: "Oh, you don't know the lengths I'd go to for even seating."

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

Susan is putting up a "missing" flier of Zach on a tree. Edie approaches wearing a bright pink cast on her leg.

Edie: "Mayer! Is this yours?"

She holds up the flier.

Edie: "It blew into my front yard."

Susan: "Oh, sorry. I'm helping Mike find Zach. You know, so we can all rest easy at night."

Edie: "Uh huh. And put him in jail? Oh, I don't think Mike would do that to his own son."

Susan: "You know?"

Edie: "That Mike's Zach's real father? Yes. Julie told Karl, Karl told me and I sent out a few e-mails."

Susan: "Well, thanks for your discretion."

Edie: "Boy. You would do anything to get Mike Delfino to love you. So what's gonna happen to little creepy when he gets here? Are you gonna be tucking him in at night? Making him breakfast in the morning? Careful to bob and weave as he tries to blow your head off?"

Susan: "You know, Edie, could you just back off? I mean the truth is we're probably never gonna find Zach, anyway. It's a needle in a haystack."

Edie: "Oh, I see, and then you'll still come off as little Miss Perfect self-sacrificing girlfriend. Putting his needs ahead of yours. Oh, why you conniving little shrew. I don't know why we're not closer."

David Bradley's Law Office

"There was a reason David Bradley was the most successful lawyer in all of Fairview."

Flashback - David is sitting across the desk from an attractive blond.

"His arguments were persuasive."

David: "No one ever has to know."

He grabs the blond and begins kissing her.

Flashback  He pushes a brunette against the wall and begins kissing her.

"His manner was forceful."

David: "Take it off. Take it off."

Flashback  His office door opens. Another woman comes out wearing a skimpy dress.

"And he tended to win on appeal."

David: "Please."

He begins kissing woman #3.

"And when it came to the more challenging cases"

Present time. Gabrielle is sitting across from David while he looks through Carlos' file.

"He knew it was to his advantage to raise the first objection."

David: "I'm not gonna take your case."

Gabrielle: "What?"

The intercom beeps.

David: "Yes?"

Secretary: "Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Bradley. Your dinner just cancelled. Did you want me to pull your reservation?"

David: "No, I still have to eat!" (to Gabrielle) "I'm sorry. Where were we?"

Gabrielle: "You were about to turn me down, then you reconsidered once you realized I was gonna throw a ton of money at you. Which I am."

David: "Ah. It's not about the money for me anymore, Mrs. Solis. The fact is if I don't feel passionately about a client, if I don't feel that fire in my belly, I don't bring my A game to court. And from what I've read, it will take my A game to save your husband."

Gabrielle: "Is this about the gay bashing thing? He's innocent."

David: "He went berserk and attacked a man in court."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, but that was a jealously thing. The man that my husband was trying to kill in court is not the least bit gay. Trust me."

David: "Your file also says you're seeking conjugal visits. Trying to keep the old marriage alive, huh?"

Gabrielle: "Why does everybody have a problem with me having s*x with my husband?"

David: "Can I be frank?"

Gabrielle: "Only if it ends with me getting what I want."

David: "Your marriage is doomed. "

Gabrielle: "Excuse me?"

David: "I've been doing this for a long time, Mrs. Solis. I know what incarceration can do to a relationship. Marriage is hard enough, but when you throw in cement walls and armed guards, iron bars, it tends to go downhill rather quickly. Conjugal visits, not withstanding."

Gabrielle: "But, I-"

David: "Listen. You want my advice? Walk away. You're young. You made a mistake. Learn from it. Maybe next time you'll marry smarter. If you'll excuse me, I have dinner reservations."

Gabrielle: "Reservation! You're eating alone, remember? And I have a feeling it's not the first time!"

Gabrielle grabs the file and walks out. David smiles as she leaves.


Parker's School  Headmasters's Office

Lynette: "I'm so sorry I couldn't get here sooner. I forgot my husband had to take our youngest to the pediatrician..."

Headmaster Lentz: "It's all right, Mrs. Scavo."

Lynette: "So, what did Parker do?"

Mrs. Truesdale: "Are you aware that your son has an imaginary friend? Mrs. Mulberry?"

Lynette: "Yes. We've met."

Mrs. Truesdale: "Well, um, yesterday Parker demanded that Mrs. Mulberry get her own easel during art, which was fine. But today it was a desk, and unfortunately we didn't have an extra desk."

Lynette: "Oh. That must have been ugly."

Patty: "It was."

Mrs. Truesdale: "Patty was rammed with this."

She passes over the umbrella.

Lynette: "Oh, I am so sorry."

Headmaster Lentz: "Mrs. Scavo. Have you experienced a death in your family recently?"

Lynette: "No. No. Why?"

Mrs. Truesdale: "Imaginary friends are often created as a coping mechanism, to deal with loss."

Lynette: "Uh huh."

Headmaster Lentz: "Or it might occur as a result of some major change or extensive alteration in their lives."

Mrs. Truesdale: "Exactly. A manifestation of some deep-seated unhappiness. Can you think of anything that might shed a little bit of light on this for us?"

Lynette begins to cry.

Headmaster Lentz: "Mrs. Scavo?"

Lynette cries louder. Patty hands a tissue box to the Mrs. Truesdale, who hands it to Headmaster Lentz, who hands it to Lynette.

Lynette: "Thank you."

Bree's House

Bree clears the table from dinner as George and Andrew sit across from each other at the dining room table.

George: "And I'm thinking it's the Golden Gate bridge. What a great place to get a picture of the sunset. So I lean out, way over the rail to get the shot. Next thing I know, the police arrived. People had called nine-one-one from their cell phones. Thought I was suicidal."

George laughs. Andrew, sitting across from him, also laughs. Bree seems pleased. She carries plates into the kitchen, where Danielle is washing dishes.

Bree: "I can't believe how well those two are getting along."

Danielle: "Yeah. It's freaky."

Bree: "Andrew is being polite and engaging. He's even laughing at George's jokes."

Danielle: "That's why it's freaky. George's jokes aren't funny."

In the dining room, George and Andrew are still laughing.

Andrew: "So, George. Can I ask you a question? It's kinda personal."

George: "Sure."

Andrew: "Have you ever actually been with a woman?"

George: "Excuse me?"

Andrew: "Well, let's be honest. I think it's obvious by the way that you talk and act that you're not a player. So, I was just curious to find out if you had ever actually gotten in the game."

George: "My experience with women is none of your business."

Andrew: "I think it is. I mean, you're dating my mom. And we both know that at your age, dating's a little more than just holding hands."

George: "We're not dating, exactly."

Andrew: "Well, sure you are. And you know what? I think it's great, but I want to make sure my mom's happy, you know and it would really set my mind at ease to know she's with a guy who knows how to please a lady."

George: "This is inappropriate."

Andrew: "You know, my parents had a great s*x life. Yeah, I heard 'em through the wall in my bedroom once."

George: "Please shut up."

Andrew: "You should have heard my mom too. She had this, this weird moan. It was kinda like 'ummm, uh!' Isn't that bizarre? That's the sound my mom makes when she climaxes."

George stares at Andrew. Bree and Danielle enter the room, carrying dessert.

Bree: "Okay, time for cobbler. Sorry, one of the dessert plates doesn't match. I tried to replace it but it's Spode Florence. It's a rare pattern. Belonged to my grandmother, but hopefully, once you taste the dessert, you'll forget all about it."

George: "I'm not hungry."

Bree: "George you have to have this. It's absolutely scrumptious." (Bree takes a bite) "Ummm, ummm!"

Andrew mouths "That's it" to George while pointing to his mother. George jumps up and slams his hand on the table.

George: "Go to your room!"

Bree: "George."

George: "You heard me. Go to your room."

Andrew: "Mr. Williams, what's wrong? Did I say something wrong?"

George: "Bree, please back me up."

Bree: "Well. What did he say?"

George: "I can't say. It's too sordid, but he said it! Are you gonna back me up or what?"

Bree: "George, I can't allow you to discipline my child if you won't even tell me what he did."

George stares at Andrew, who smiles slightly. George storms out of the house.

Bree: "George! George!"

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle enters the kitchen, carrying shopping bags. She pushes the button on the answering machine.

David: (on machine) "Mrs. Solis. David Bradley. Look I feel really bad about the tone of our meeting so to make up for it, I'm gonna do you a favor. The more I think of it, the more I'm convinced your marriage is a train wreck, the gnarly type, you know, mass casualties. Anyway, I'm passing on the name of a divorce lawyer. K-"

Gabrielle hits the "off" button, hard.

David Bradley's Law Office

Gabrielle storms in.

Gabrielle: "You have some nerve, leaving that message on my machine."

David: "You realize this is entirely inappropriate."

Gabrielle: "I will tell you what is inappropriate. You making sweeping assumptions about the state of my marriage."

David: "Care for a drink?"

Gabrielle: "No. I like to keep a clear head when I'm telling people off. What makes you think you know anything about me or my husband?"

David: "Well, your husband's record speaks for itself. But you, I'd rely on my instincts."

Gabrielle: "Would those be the same instincts that picked out that cologne?"

David: "You're privileged. You're pampered. You're spoiled. You want what you want, when you want it. You want excitement. A quickie every five months in a prison trailer isn't gonna scratch that itch."

Gabrielle: "With all due respect, I will decide for myself what needs to be scratched and when."

David: "Mrs. Solis, you are a beautiful, desirable woman. Your husband is a dimwit. A corrupt violent criminal. You could do so much better."

Gabrielle: "Are you hitting on me?"

David: "What would you say if I were?"

Gabrielle: "I'd say I'm pregnant!"

David: "So, I see you're stuck."

Gabrielle: "I'm not stuck, Mr. Bradley. Believe it or not, I love my husband."

David: "I charge seven hundred dollars an hour plus Xeroxing."

Gabrielle: "I'll pay you six and I expect a conjugal visit tomorrow by noon."

David: "Aren't you demanding."

Gabrielle: "Like you said. I want what I want when I want it."

She walks out of the office.

Fairview Memorial Park - Daytime

Mike and Susan are walking through the park, holding fliers.

Mike: "So, a woman I talked to in Social Service said a lot of runaways hang out here. What?"

Susan: "I'm just happy to be spending the day with you."

Mike: "At homeless shelters and bus stations? I'm gonna go ask these guys if they've seen Zach. I think we'll cover more ground if we split up."

Susan: "Okay."

Mike kisses Susan before he walks away.

Mike: "Thanks."

Susan walks around by herself, handing out fliers to people she passes.

Susan: "Have you seen this boy? Hey, missing kid. Anyone? Going once, going twice..."

At an ice cream stand, Susan takes two sundaes, holding one in each hand. She gestures to the fliers.

Susan: "Oh. Do you mind keeping those and pass them out when people get their ice cream?"

Ice Cream Vendor: "Huh."

Susan: "What?"

Ice Cream Vendor: "Well, isn't that him?"

He points to a nearby bench.

Ice Cream Vendor: "Over there."

Susan sees Zach sitting on the bench.

Susan: "Oh. Zach. Zach!"

Susan runs to Zach, still holding the ice cream. Zach sees her and takes off running.

Susan: "Whoa. No, no no. No, no no, oh. Don't, don't, don't. Don't, don't, Zach, don't run away. Wait! Come on, just, would you just get back here? Come on really, just, let's just talk."

Susan chases after Zach, as the ice cream drips all over her.

Susan: "Damn it Zach. It's enough already."

Zach is cornered and picks up a plank of wood and holds it up toward Susan. Susan tosses the ice cream and runs away.

Mike is standing by a statue, looking around. Susan comes running up, looking behind her. She is a mess, covered in ice cream and fudge sauce.

Mike: "Nobody here has seen Zach. But theress a halfway house on the west side I want to check out. Are you okay?"

Susan: "I got you some ice cream."

Mike: "You did?"

Susan: "But then I got hungry."

Bree's House

Susan, Gabrielle, and Bree stand in the kitchen.

Susan: "So then I just threw my ice cream at him and ran. Well, somebody say something."

Gabrielle: "Thank God you were in flats."

Bree: "I'm still recovering from Mike is Zach's real father."

Susan: "I should have told Mike I saw Zach. I'm a horrible person, right?"

Gabrielle: "No, Susan, come on. Zach attacked Felicia. He, he blew up your kitchen. Evidently he tried to kill Mike. We can all agree this kid's a freak!"

Susan: "What do you think, Bree?"

Bree: "Well, I think given everything that's happened, um, it's perfectly justified that you'd be frightened of Zach."

Susan: "But"

Bree: "But, Zach is Mary Alice's son. He grew up playing in our yards. If he has any hope of surviving, I have to believe he's better off here than on the street."

Susan nods.

Lynette's House

Tom and Lynette are doing dishes together.

Lynette: "I couldn't have imagined how much going back to work would upset Parker."

Tom: "Look, he's gonna be fine. He's just gotta get used to daddy providing all the love. I'm kidding, I'm kidding. I am kidding. Kids are resilient. He will adapt."

Lynette: "Tom, he attacked a teacher with an umbrella."

Tom: "It was a poke. He poked her."

Lynette: "I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't be working."

Tom: "The kids would certainly benefit from having two stay-at-home parents, although buying food might become an issue."

Lynette: "Maybe I can change my work schedule. Try to get some flex time."

Tom: "Would Nina go for that?"

Lynette: "No! No, no, no, no, no! It would help if you came up with some ideas."

Tom: "How about hugs?"

Lynette: "Hugs?"

Tom: "Yeah. read about in one of those family magazines that kids are supposed to get, like, ten hugs a day. It makes them feel more secure. I say pile on the hugs."

Lynette: "That'll fix everything? Hugs?"

Tom: "Yeah. Come here. Come here. Hi."

Lynette: "Hi."

Tom (hugging Lynette): "It's working, isn't it?"

Lynette: "Shut up."

Lynette's House - Parker's Room

Parker is sitting in his bed, reading by flashlight under an open umbrella. Lynette enters.

Lynette: "Hey, buddy. You busy?"

Parker: "Yes. Mrs. Mulberry is reading to me."

Lynette: "Well, isn't she nice. It's time for bed, so I'm gonna tuck you in, okay?"

Lynette closes the book and takes the umbrella.

Parker: "No!"

Lynette closes the umbrella and sits next to Parker.

Lynette: "I know things have been hard for you since I started back to work, but it is just as hard for me to be away from you. And, you just have to remember that even when I'm not around, my love for you is real. You may not be able to see it, but it's not imaginary like Mrs. Mulberry. It's real. Okay, honey?"

Parker: "Mrs. Mulberry is real. She said you're a liar."

Lynette: "Parker!"

Parker pulls the sheet over his head. Lynette pulls it down.

Lynette: "Parker."

Parker: "We're reading."

He pulls the sheet back over him.

Lynette pats Parker's head and walks out.

Fairview Memorial Park  Daytime

Bree and George are having a picnic at a picnic table.

George: "I don't understand. Why can't we see each other anymore?"

Bree: "Because. Ever since I found out what Andrew said, I've been doing some soul searching and I realize that everything that's happened is completely my fault."

George: "Oh no. That's, that's ridiculous."

Bree: "No, it's not. All the things that Andrew's been saying, the way he's been acting, it's all connected to his father's death and it's clear to me that I need to spend more time focusing on him and his needs."

George: "You know, you're right. You do need to focus on Andrew."

Bree: "Thank you, George, for being so understanding."

George: "Of course. So have you thought about counseling? That place you sent him to, that behavioral modification camp. He got counseling there, right?"

Bree: "But I only sent him there because his behavior at the time was so completely out of bounds."

George: "You don't think that what he said to me was out of bounds?"

Bree: "I just think if I spend a lot of time with him, it'll really help."

George: "Why not do both? Let him spend a few months with some caring professionals, then bring him home."

Bree: "What he said to you was horribly rude. That camp, it's extreme and unless I felt like Andrew was getting really out of control, then"

George: "Well, let's hope it doesn't come to that. You know, in spite of everything that's happened, I really like Andrew."

Bree: "Oh George, really?"

George: "Yeah. Truth is, he reminds me of me."

Fairview County Jail Conjugal Visit Trailer

Guard: "Conjugal visit rules are you got forty-five minutes.We call every fifteen minutes to make sure you're still here.You understand?"

Gabrielle: "Yes, we got it. Uh, we interrupt our lovemaking to answer the phone or you call out the dogs."

Gabrielle pushes the guard out of the trailer. She turns toward Carlos.

Gabrielle: "I'm ready whenever you"

Carlos is already in his underwear.

Gabrielle: "obviously are."

Gabrielle jumps into Carlos' arms. They fall on the bed and begin kissing.

Later, clothes are strewn all over the floor. Carlos and Gabrielle in bed.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, are we gonna make it?"

Carlos: "We just did. You wanna go again?"

Gabrielle: "No. I'm talking about us. Our relationship, our marriage. Carlos, you're gonna be a father. When you get out of here, you're gonna need to get a job and make an honest living, for me and our child."

Carlos: "Babe, I've learned my lesson. Okay, when I get out of here, everything's gonna be different. We're gonna start over with a new life, and a great family and nothing is gonna get in the way of that. Hey, so you never told me. How's the new lawyer? Do you like him?"

The phone rings. Carlos reaches over and answers.

Carlos: "Yeah. Yeah, I'm still here."

Gabrielle: "Okay, enough chit chat. We only have thirty minutes left and I want to make the most of it."

Fairview Memorial Park

Susan is wandering around the park. She sees Zach sitting on a bench. Zach's foot is bandaged. He picks at the bandage before looking up to see Susan approaching.

Susan: "Okay, please, please don't run."

Zach: "I can't. I hurt my foot."

Susan: "How?"

Zach: "I landed on it funny when I was running away from you. What do you want?"

Susan: "Just to talk to you."

Zach: "Why?"

Susan: "Because, I have a lot of things to say so you can just listen. I'll buy you some food. When was the last time you ate?"

Restaurant

Zach is eating.

Zach: "My dad's alive? Where is he?"

Susan: "I don't know. He, he disappeared."

Zach: "But Mike did not kill him? He's alive, you swear?"

Susan: "I swear."

Zach: "Maybe he went to Utah. I mean he used to have a life there. Before me. I don't know, I just need to get some money to find him."

Susan: "Zach, you know what I think? I think you should come back with me."

Zach: "Why?"

Susan: "Because there are still people at home who care about you and there's things that you need to know."

Zach: "Like what?"

Susan: "Well, I can't tell you. You know, you messed up a lot of people's lives. You can't run away from that."

Zach: "Do you mean Julie?"

Susan: "What?"

Zach: "I know that I messed up her life but I didn't mean to. I really miss her out here. I think about her all the time."

Susan: "Yeah, well, Julie's a really special girl."

Zach: "Has she said anything about me? Because if she has, then I might still have a chance with her. If I come back with you, then I could make it up to her."

Susan: "Do you know what I think? I think you were right. I think you should try to find your father first."

Zach: "Yeah?"

Susan: "Yeah. Now that you know he's okay, you should go to him. He'll want to take care of you. That's what parents do. Let me help. How much money do you think you'll need to get to Utah?"

Susan opens her purse.

Lynette's House - Nighttime

Lynette is lying in bed, awake. She gets up and goes into Parker's room. He is sleeping and his umbrella has fallen to the floor. Lynette strokes Parker's head, then grabs the umbrella.

Outside Lynette's House

Lynette goes to the trash can. She opens it and jams the umbrella inside.

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

The garbage truck is stopped in front of the Scavo house. The worker picks up the can containing the umbrella and dumps it inside the trash truck. He jumps on the side of the truck and it takes off. As it pulls away, the umbrella falls out of the truck, onto the street, and opens.

Lynette's House

In the kitchen, Tom is reading the paper at the table while Lynette sorts through work papers. Parker runs downstairs.

Parker: "Daddy. I can't find Mrs. Mulberry's umbrella. Where is it?"

Tom: "Well, I don't know, sport. Honey, have you seen the umbrella?"

Lynette: "No, can't say that I have."

Tom: "Okay, listen, don't worry about it. I'm sure Mrs. Mulberry is around here somewhere."

Lynette: "Or, uh, maybe she's not. She could have left. You know. Maybe she had some other little boy that she needed to help."

Parker: "Like who?"

Lynette: "I don't know. It could be a little boy in, uh, England named Spencer."

Tom: "Lynette?"

Lynette: "I mean this is conjecture on my part, but it is possible that someone like little Spencer needs Mrs. Mulberry more 'cause he doesn't have a daddy and a mommy who love him. Yeah, that's it. He's an orphan with no hands. Okay?"

Parker nods.

Lynette: "You're so sweet. Come here. I love you. You all right? Go get dressed."

Parker runs upstairs.

Tom: "What have you done to Mrs. Mulberry?"

Lynette: "Until there's a body, there's no evidence of a crime."

Later, Parker, Lynette, and Tom walk out the front door. Parker sees the open umbrella in the street.

Parker: "Mrs. Mulberry! She's back."

Lynette: "Oh. Goodie!"

Parker: "Mrs. Mulberry's back."

Just then, the garbage truck drives by and runs over the umbrella. Parker runs out to the crushed umbrella. He turns and grabs Lynette and cries on her.

Lynette: "Oh."

Parker: "She got run over. She's dead."

Lynette: "Oh. Don't you worry. I'm here."

Tom: "Maybe it's okay, buddy. Maybe we can call nine-one-one."

Lynette: "No, Tom. She's gone."

Swim Meet

Andrew is getting ready to race. He waves to Bree, sitting on the side. He sees George approaching Bree with a gift bag. Andrew watches as George finds Bree and sits next to her.

Announcer: "Swimmers, take your mark."

Bree: "George, what are you doing here?"

George: "Don't worry Bree, I'll be quick. I thought about what you said and you're right. Andrew needs his space."

Bree: "Thank you, George."

George: "It's best that I stay away and I completely understand if you want to change pharmacists, but I did want to give you a little goodbye gift."

Bree: "Oh."

A starter pistol fires and the swimmers begin racing.

Bree opens the box and pulls out a plate.

Bree: "George, it's my pattern. Where did you find it?"

George: "I got lucky at an online auction."

Andrew, swimming in the race, is distracted as he watches Bree and George.

Bree: "I love it. Thank you."

Bree hugs George, who begins to kiss her neck. Bree tries to pull back.

Bree: "George."

Andrew stops swimming when he sees George kissing his mother. George looks over at Andrew.

Bree pushes against George.

Bree: "George. George. George!"

Andrew swims across the swimming lanes and climbs out of the pool. George and Bree see him.

Bree: "Andrew, what are you doing?"

Andrew jumps on George and begins punching him in the face.

Bree: "Andrew! Andrew!"

George stands up, trying to get away and Andrew jumps on his back.

George: "You crazy-"

Bree: "Stop it!"

The coach comes over and pulls Andrew off. Bree helps George into a chair.

Andrew: "Did you see it? He was kissing her!"

Bree ( to George ): "Oh my God. You're bleeding"

Andrew: "That freak was kissing her!"

Coach: "I don't care. You gotta calm down now!"

George looks over at Andrew with the hint of a smile on his face.

Bree's House

In his room, Andrew is packing a suitcase. He places a picture of Rex in his bag as Bree watches.

"The world is filled with good fathers. How do we recognize them? They're the ones who are missed so terribly that everything falls apart in their absence."

Fairview County Jail Conjugal Visit Trailer

Gabrielle is asleep and Carlos is watching her. He places a hand gently on her stomach.

"They're the ones who love us, long before we've even arrived."

Wisteria Lane  Nighttime

Mike is walking his dog and finds a flyer of Zach on the ground.

"They're the ones who come looking for us when we can't find our way home."

Lynette's House  Nighttime

Tom walks in the bedroom to find Lynette sobbing in bed.

Tom: "Hey, what's wrong?"

Lynette: "Because of me, my son's imaginary friend got crushed by a garbage truck. I am the worst person in the world."

Tom puts his arm around Lynette.

"Yes, the world is filled with good fathers."

Tom: "Honey, he is gonna get over this in no time. Trust me. And one day, when he is all grown up, you and Parker are gonna laugh hysterically about this."

Lynette: "You really think so? Really?"

"And the best are the ones who make the women in their lives"

Tom: "I promise."

He kisses her forehead and hugs her.

"feel like good mothers."

"George Williams had never been lucky in love."

Flashback: George gets out of his car carrying flowers and walks up to a front door. He opens his mouth and sprays a breath freshener in it.

"It seems that the women he dated always invented reasons not to consummate their relationship."

Young Woman: "Um, I'm afraid we'd wake my roommate."

She slams the door on George.

Career Woman: "Uh, I have to get up really early for work."

She slams the door on George.

Slutty Woman: "I'm, uh, saving myself for marriage."

She slams the door on George.

"Sadly for George, it was one unoriginal excuse after another."

Bree's House

Present Day: George knocks on Bree's door.

"But since he'd started seeing Bree Van de Kamp, George couldn't help but feel..."

Bree: "Hi. The kids are gone. We have the house all to ourselves tonight."

"...his luck was about to change."

After dinner, Bree and George enter Bree's living room and sit on the sofa.

Bree: "I thought the duck turned out well. Although the sauce was a little bit thick, but judging by how many helpings you had, I think I got away with it. What are you thinking about?"

George: "Your hair. Would you mind if I...?"

Bree: "Uh, no, go ahead."

George reaches for the clip holding Bree's bun and her hair falls to her shoulders.

Bree: "That better?"

George moves closer on the couch and kisses Bree.

Bree: "That was nice."

George falls onto Bree, pushing her down onto the couch, kissing her.

Bree pushes George back slightly.

George: "It's okay that I'm doing this right?"

Bree: "Well, I thought we were going to let the duck digest a bit more, but what the heck."

She pulls George back to her.

Bree: "Oh!"

She grabs her neck.

George: "What's wrong?"

Bree: "I don't know. I felt something weird."

George: "Oh, that was my tongue. It extends farther than most. I should have warned you."

Bree: "No, no, no, it wasn't your kiss. I felt something weird on my neck."

George pushes her down again and starts kissing her. Bree continues to scratch at her neck.

George: "What, what are you doing?"

Bree: "I don't know. I'm just really starting to itch."

George: "Oh."

They sit up and Bree begins to scratch all over. George stares at her neck.

Bree: "What is it?"

George: "You, you've got a huge rash."

Bree jumps up and runs to a mirror. She sees the rash on her check which is now spreading to her face. She continues to scratch.

Bree: "Oh, ah, ah, it's starting to spread to my face."

George: "Are you allergic to something you ate?"

Bree: "Oh, I don't think so. I've made duck l'orange a thousand times."

George: "Something is causing that rash."

Bree stares at George. She opens the front door and begins pushing him out.

George: "Bree, Bree, please don't."

Bree: "I'm sorry George, but you have to go."

George: "But the kids are away. I was sort of hoping we could make love tonight."

Bree: "How are we going to do that George? You have just given me hives."

Bree slams the door in George's face.

"Though painful to hear, George had to admit at least this excuse was original."

Opening Credits

Susan's House

"It's a fact that little girls dream of big, white wedding. Of course, the exact same thing can be said for big girls."

Susan is pinning a wedding dress on her mother, Sophie Bremmer.

"Some of whom can get incredibly anxious waiting for the boys in their lives to make those dreams come true."

Mike is sitting on the couch reading the newspaper. Susan sneaks a peek at Mike to see if he is watching her and accidentally pokes her mom with a pin.

Sophie: "Ouch. Oh. Watch it Susie."

Susan: "Mom, why don't you just go see a dressmaker?"

Sophie: "Wait, I have the perfect idea. You get in the dress and I'll pin it." (to Mike) "We wear the same size."

Susan: "Since when?"

Sophie: "Since forever." (to Mike) "You have to leave though. You can't stay. You can't see Susie in a wedding dress. Not until your big day."

Susan: "Mom!"

Mike: "No, it's not a problem. I can see her in it."

Susan and her mom look at Mike in shock.

Sophie: "You can?"

Susan: "You can?"

Mike: "I assume you want to pick out your own wedding dress when we get married, right?"

Sophie: "Oh, that sounds like a proposal."

Mike: "Did it?"

Susan: "Yeah, it did."

Mike: "Huh, what do you know?"

Sophie: "Are you planning to pop the question?"

Mike: "Well, if she knows it's coming, the question won't really pop' now will it?"

Susan: "He's right, mom. Oh, I want it to be just like you do. You know on your own terms and you get down on one knee and the whole production."

Mike: "That's the plan."

Susan: "Well. Then I can wait. I can wait. I'm a good waiter."

Mike: "Good."

Susan: "I was just wondering if, if there's a ball park of how long I will have to wait. A week, a month, after lunch?"

Mike: "Again, you're not waiting for the pop.'"

Susan: "Right, right, I'm sorry."

Mike leaves the room.

Sophie: "Yay!"

Susan: "Mom."

Dr. Goldfine's Office

Dr. Goldfine: "So, the hives occurred right after you kissed George."

Bree: "Yes, it was the strangest thing. And so inconvenient. To be honest, I think we were about the make love for the first time."

Dr. Goldfine: "Bree, have you considered the idea that your subconscious mind was trying to sabotage your evening with George?"

Bree: "Actually, I have not considered that because that's idiotic!"

Dr. Goldfine: "You don't think being with George made you feel a bit guilty?"

Bree: "Why should I feel guilty?"

Dr. Goldfine: "Perhaps you felt you were about to commit adultery."

Bree: "Dr. Goldfine, Rex is dead. You can't cheat on a corpse."

Dr. Goldfine looks at Bree's hands as she rubs the area where her wedding ring would be.

Dr. Goldfine: "But, maybe that's not how you really feel deep down."

Bree: "Oh so you uh, think I'm crazy?"

Dr. Goldfine: "You say you got a case of hives for no reason. I think there is a reason and it's probably a psychosomatic one."

Bree: "You can think whatever you want, but to be honest, I don't believe in the subconscious."

Dr. Goldfine: "Everytime you've said Rex in this session, you've stroked the place where you wedding ring used to be. Why did you do that?"

Bree looks down at her hands, where she is stroking her ring finger. She stops abruptly.

Advertising Agency - Daytime

In the conference room, a staff meeting is going on.

Nina: "Let's talk about Monday. We are re-pitching to the Kamarov people. Lynette, you'll be on point."

Lynette: "Great, great, no problem."

Nina: "And, can you do me a favor and maybe not wear the green suit?"

Lynette: "Um, I wasn't planning to, uh, but why?"

Nina: "The fabric. Tt just has this quality to it like you could, I don't know, wipe it clean with a damp cloth."

The other staff member laugh quietly.

Lynette: "I'll just wear a different suit then."

Nina: "Great. Like what, you think?"

Lynette: "Another suit. I have other suits."

Nina: "And if by other suits, you mean the grey one, then, of course you do."

Lynette: "No, actually, I have quite a few others. Uh, the blue one, and uh..."

The other staff members snicker..

Lynette: "What's wrong with the blue suit?"

Stu walks in and places a cup of coffee in front of Nina.

Nina: "Stu. Would you like to tell Lynette what's wrong with the blue suit?"

Stu: "No. That's cool."

Nina: "Stu! Come on. Do the thing, the thing that you did at lunch."

Nina pretends to rub stuff onto her suit.

Nina: "Look at me. I'm Lynette. I've got food stains everywhere."

Lynette: "All right, so if I get my blue suit dry cleaned, will that be acceptable to everyone?"

Stu: "The pants also have a split seam in the back."

Nina smiles.

Fairview County Courthouse

Gabrielle walks up to David, wearing a slinky gold outfit.

Gabrielle: "Excuse me. Hello, David."

David: "What the hell is this? I thought I told you to dress maternal."

Gabrielle: "Yes, you did, and I considered it for about a second."

David: "What happened?"

Gabrielle: "David, I know you're the lawyer and all, but trust me, it's never a smart strategy to cover this up."

David: "We've got forty minutes before the pre-trial hearing. Let's go home and get you changed."

Gabrielle: "What?"

David: "You want to get your husband out of jail? You gotta dress like a pregnant, suffering wife, not the cover of Vogue."

A man walks up to them.

Louis: "David."

David: "Louis. What are you doing here?"

Louis: "I need a favor, David."

David: "If this has to do with lifting my client's restraining order, the answer's the same one you got last week."

Louis: "You don't understand. I love Crystal."

David: "Yeah, we all love the pretty ladies at the Stop n' Shop, but now you gotta love her from fifty yards away."

Louis: "You turned her against me. If it wasn't for you, we'd be together."

David: "Louis, Crystal hired me to keep you away from her. She doesn't want to see you."

Louis: "Oh, yeah, then, then why did she ask for my phone number?"

David: "She's a cashier. You paid by check. It doesn't make you special."

David holds Gabrielle by the arm and walks away from Louis.

Louis: "Don't walk away from me. We're having a conversation!"

David: "Louis, this is your problem. You're creepy! Nobody likes you. What you call a conversation the rest of us call harassment. You want a friend? Get a hamster!"

Louis: "David!"

Louis pulls out a gun. He points it toward David and Gabrielle. David pushes Gabrielle around behind him and down to the floor. David holds his briefcase in front of him as Louis closes his eyes and begins firing at him.

Bystander #1: "Call the police!"

Bystander #2: "Stay there!"

Louis runs out of bullets. David looks at himself and sees that he has not been hit.

Louis throws the empty gun at David who catches it. Louis runs away.

David: "That's right, you better run. I'm gonna get some bullets for this thing and come after you!"

Security Guard (pointing his gun at David): "Freeze!"

David: "Hey, everything's cool."

The guard shoots David. Gabrielle screams. David drops slowly to his knees. Gabrielle approaches.

Gabrielle: "Are you okay?"

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Paul Young is mowing his front lawn.

"Weeds are a common annoyance of life in suburbia and no matter how hard we try to get rid of them, they always tend to crop back up."

Gabrielle is on her porch watching Paul. She is on the phone.

Gabrielle: "Are you seeing this?"

Bree: "I don't believe him. He is so brazen."

Gabrielle: "He's just mowing the lawn like nothing ever happened. What should we do? Should we call the police?"

Bree: "Well, Susan did say that he murdered Mrs. Huber, so my vote would be yes."

Gabrielle: "Oh, my god, Susan's home."

They watch as Susan's car pulls into her driveway. She gets out and takes bags of groceries out of her van.

Gabrielle: "Has she seen Paul yet?"

Susan looks across the street and sees Paul mowing his lawn. She drops all the bags.

Bree: "I think so."

A can rolls into the street. Paul picks it up.

Paul: "Hello, Susan."

Susan: "Oh, my god. Paul."

Paul: "Need some help with those bags?"

Susan: "Why...are you doing here?"

Paul: "This is where I live. I came home to find my son. Here you go."

He holds out the can he picked up.

Susan: "No, don't come near me."

Paul: "I'm just giving you back your pie filling."

Susan: "I don't want my pie filling."

Paul: "Oh, come on. Just take it."

Susan: "No, stop! Put that pie filling down. Slowly. I'm calling nine-one-one."

Paul: "You don't want to do that."

Susan: "Oh, I think I do. You're a cold-blooded murderer."

Paul: "Susan, how can you believe that? We've been neighbors for years."

Bree and Gabrielle approach and get in front of Susan.

Paul: "Ladies, good to see you."

Bree: "Paul, we've called the police."

Paul: "You didn't really need to do that."

Gabrielle: "We know what you did to Mrs. Huber."

Paul: "Wonderful. I see you've all turned into Susan while I've been gone."

A police car pulls up.

Susan: "Oh, thank god, they're here."

A crowd of neighbors gather to see what's happening.

Mrs. Greenberg: "Hey, hey, what's going on?"

Edie: "Oh, Mayer's convinced that Paul Young murdered Martha Huber."

Mrs. Greenberg: "Oh, my god! I live right behind him."

Mrs. Fromme: "I know. I gave him my house keys to feed my cat."

Edie: "I win. I made out with him."

Police Officer gives Paul back his license and approaches Susan.

Police Officer: "Here you go. There's no warrant here for a Paul Young."

Gabrielle: "Why don't you ask Mike? He overheard everything, right?"

Police Officer: "Who's Mike?"

Susan: "Uh, he's my boyfriend, and, and he told me that Paul confessed everything to him. Oh, and Mike has Martha's journals, which clearly prove that Paul had a motive."

Police Officer: "All right, all right, where do I find this Mike guy?"

Susan: "Uh, he's, follow me."

Paul: "You mind if I stay here? I've got a lot of raking to do."

Police Officer: "Let's go."

Susan and the officer walk to Mike's house. The crowd follows. Mike opens the front door.

Mike: "Hey. What's going on?"

Susan: "Mike, Paul Young is back. Look."

She points across the street where Paul is raking his leaves.

Police Officer: "Your girlfriend said Mr. Young confessed a murder to you?"

Mike: "Um, no. No, not to me."

Police Officer: "And I don't suppose you have a journal that belonged to a Martha Huber?"

Mike: "No. I hardly knew her. Besides, you ever known a woman who'd loan out her diary?"

Susan: "Mike, what are you doing?"

Mike: "I'm sorry, Susan. I don't know what you're talking about. But I've got a job to get to. Is there anything else?"

Police Officer: "No, no, that pretty much covers it."

Mike walks past the gathered crowd.

Edie: "Well, someone might as well say it. Susan, what the hell have you been smoking?"

Lynette's House

Lynette walks into the bedroom wearing a beautiful expensive-looking white suit.

Lynette: "Okay."

Tom: "Wow! Nice."

Tom looks at the price tag on the suit.

Tom: "Oh, my god!"

Lynette: "Okay, don't be distracted by that. Look at me. Here I am tomorrow, making my presentation."

Lynette poses and spins.

Lynette: "You see? You see how it, how it moves with me? That's where the magic is."

Tom: "Nine hundred dollars?"

Lynette: "Yeah, well, this one was the most expensive. The other ones aren't as nice. But look. Look, look, look, look at me, look at me. Watch. I don't walk in it. I glide."

Tom: "Um, honey, you know what? There's gotta be like three thousand dollars worth of clothes here."

Lynette: "Yeah, well, I haven't bought a new suit in six years."

Tom: "So? When I was working, you don't think I would have loved to have a designer suit? I wore wash-and-wear so that we could live in a nice neighborhood, so we could take the kids on vacation every summer. I mean, I made sacrifices."

Lynette: "I'm willing to make sacrifices."

Tom: "Great, well, let's start here, because" (holds up a suit) "this should cover a math tutor for Parker."

Lynette: "Whoa, hold on a sec."

Tom holds up another suit.

Tom: "Six months of pre-school for Penny."

Lynette: "All right, now you're being ridiculous."

Tom: "You know what? And the twins, they're gonna need braces. That oughta make a dent."

He points to the white suit Lynette is wearing.

Lynette: "Oh, no. Come on, Tom. Not this one."

Tom: "Strip."

Lynette: "You saw the walk, right? You wanna see the walk again? I'll tutor Parker myself."

Tom: "Honey, that'd be great. You also gonna take up home dentistry?"

Lynette: "Fine. I'll take them back. Could you step out for a minute, please? I want to be alone with it for a little while."

Bree's House - Nighttime

Bree is lying in bed, reading and rubbing her ring finger. She stops herself and picks up the phone.

Bree: "Hi, it's Bree."

George: "Hi. I was thinking about calling you. I just got some new antihistamines in at the store. I think they're really gonna help with your rash."

Bree: "Well, great. Um, how would you feel about the two of us checking into a romantic hotel tomorrow?"

George: "What? Uh, I, I'd like that very much."

Bree: "I will let you make all the arrangements. Something out of town would be nice. Good night."

They hang up.

George: "Yes!"

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Mike pulls into his driveway. Susan suddenly appears at the driver's window.

Susan: "We need to talk."

Mike: "Where did you come from?"

Susan: "I'm sorry. I've been waiting for you. I'm just a little upset because everybody thinks I'm crazy."

Mike: "Can I at least get out of the truck first?"

Susan: "Yes, definitely. I mean, I can understand why you wouldn't want the cops to know that you kidnapped Paul. I mean, that definitely looks bad."

Mike: "Since I was on probation."

Susan: "Well, right. I mean, there's that."

Mike: "And in possession of a gun."

Susan: "Well, okay..."

Mike: "Which I held to his head. So I violated my probation, committed a felony, and coerced a confession. If the cops found out about that, I'd be looking at ten to fifteen years."

Susan: "But why don't you want 'em to know about Martha Huber's journal? I mean, she says right in there that she was blackmailing Paul's wife."

Mike: "She also says right in there that she was blackmailing you for burning down Edie's house."

Susan: "Oh. I forgot about that. I just can't believe it. I mean, there he is, a murderer, just living right on our street, and there's nothing we can do about it because you're a convicted felon and I burned down that stupid house. It's unfair."

Mike: "I want Paul Young gone as badly as you do, and he will be, but I also want to find Zach. I think once Zach finds out Paul's here, I got a feeling he'll be back."

Susan: "Well, that's comforting to know there's a silver lining."


Hospital

David is lying in a hospital bed with his arm in a sling. Gabrielle knocks on the doorframe and walks in.

David: "Hi. What are you doing here?"

Gabrielle: "Well, you protected me from a hail of gun fire, so I thought I'd stop by and give you a card."

David: "You're my first visitor."

Gabrielle: "What do you mean, I'm your first visitor? You've been here two days."

David: "My office sent me flowers."

Gabrielle: "Oh."

She pulls the card from the vase of flowers and reads it out loud.

Gabrielle: "'Dear David, who knew you could actually bleed? Sincerely, your stunned co-workers.'"

David: "Yeah, well, I'm a lawyer who got shot. Everybody's cracking wise."

Gabrielle: "You're not gonna eat?"

David: "Uh, can't really cut yet."

She walks over and begins to cut up his food for him.

Gabrielle: "Well, I'm not gonna let you starve to death. Besides, you're gonna need your strength to get my husband out of jail."

David: "You know, when I was waiting for the ambulance the other day, I seriously thought I was gonna die. I was scared."

Gabrielle: "Of course you were."

David: "Thanks"

Gabrielle: "For what?"

David: "For not making any jokes."

Gabrielle: "Sure. Now, open up."

She feeds him a piece of meat.

Advertising Agency

Lynette walks in wearing a grey suit. Stu hands her her messages.

Lynette: "Thank you."

She looks and sees Nina is escorting people into the conference room. Lynette sees that they are all dressed in designer suits. Lynette looks down at her grey suit. She rushes out to her car and pulls the white suit out of the trunk.

Nina (to the Kamarov people): "Just, uh, follow this hallway straight down there and make yourselves comfortable."

Lynette sneaks by them holding the packaged white suit.

"For the good of their family, Lynette had made a promise to her husband. And within ten days from the date of purchase, she intended to keep it."

Lynette, dressing in the white suit, pins the price tag down and leaves the restroom.

Nina: "Oh. That's a fantastic suit."

Lynette: "Oh. Thanks."

Nina: "I'm flattered, really. I mean, who knew that you cared so much about what I think?"

Lynette: "I don't follow you."

Nina: "Well, I make a few innocent comments, and you go out and buy yourself a gorgeous new suit. Dance, puppet, dance."

Lynette: "Well, actually, this was already in my closet. I just forgot about it."

Nina: "Forgot? You forgot that you had that suit?"

Lynette walks into the conference room and faces everyone confidently.

Lynette: "Good morning. Hi. I'm Lynette Scavo. Now is everyone taken care of in terms of coffee and whatever else they may like? Great. Well, then, let's get started. I will show you how Kamarov Vodka can expand its customer mindshare while still holding the line on marketing costs. It's something we here at Percher and Murphy like to call "persuasive engineering.""

Nina sees a price tag hanging off the back of Lynette's suit.

Nina: "Lynette, just hold on one second."

She lowers her voice and approaches Lynette.

Nina: "You have a... "

Nina yanks the price tag off and Lynette gasps.

Nina: "They put the price tags on the skirts these days, too, just so you know. Look at that, everybody. Lynette just bought herself a beautiful, brand new suit. Doesn't she look great? Go on."

Lynette: "Okay."

Fairview County Courthouse

David and Carlos are sitting in the courtroom, facing the judge.

Judge: "You may be seated. Good to see you back on your feet, Mr. Bradley. Whenever you're ready."

David: "Thank you, Your Honor. The defense moves to dismiss this case immediately on the grounds that the defendant..."

David looks at Gabrielle sitting in the courtroom and freezes.

Judge: "Are you all right, Mr. Bradley?"

David: "I'm sorry, Your Honor. I just can't. I just can't."

Judge: "Mr. Bradley, do you need a recess?"

David picks up his briefcase and walks out of the courtroom.

Carlos: "What the hell's going on?"

Gabrielle runs after David.

Gabrielle: "David, where are you going?"

David: "I'm sorry. I quit."

Gabrielle: "You can't just quit in the middle of a hearing."

David: "I'd love to get your idiot husband out of jail, but I just can't do it. I'm sorry. "

Gabrielle: "Yeah. Why not?"

David: "Because I'm in love with you."

Gabrielle: "What?"

David: "The other day in the hospital, I started to feel something. I don't know. Maybe it was there all along. But when I look into your eyes, I know you feel it, too. We belong together."

Gabrielle: "Okay, yeah, David, if you don't get back in there right now, I will go get a gun and shoot you myself."

David: "I can't. I'm sorry."

David walks away.

Susan's House

Susan is under the sink, working on something, when someone knocks on her door. Without getting up, she yells out to them.

Susan: "Come in!"

Paul: "We need to talk."

Susan: "Oh! Oh! Uh, uh, Paul, you, you can't just waltz into people's houses."

Paul: "Susan, you told me to come in."

Susan: "Well, that's 'cause I assumed you were someone I would let in my house. What do you want?"

Paul: "I was looking through my mail, and I found this."

He holds up the flyer that proclaims Zach to be missing.

Paul: "I was surprised to discover that you were looking for my son. You didn't happen to find anything out about where Zach might be, did you?"

Susan: "No. No, I didn't. Sorry I can't help you out."

Paul: "I'm asking because if you remember, Zach hid here in this house before, and now I learn that you've been searching for him. "

Susan: "Well, he's not here."

Paul: "Hmm. Well, maybe we should double check."

Susan: "But he's not here. I swear."

As they talk, Susan is rummaging in the soapy dishwater behind her.

Paul: "What are you grabbing for?"

Susan: "A knife. I just want to slice some tomatoes."

Paul reaches over to a knife block and pulls out a large knife. He points it toward Susan and slowly walks toward her.

Susan: "I don't know how I know this, but I, I think that he's in Utah. He, he took a bus to Bountiful. You have family there, right? Okay, I gave him the bus fare."

Paul hands the knife to Susan.

Paul: "You might want to be careful with that. You seem a little jittery."

Paul leaves.

Fairview County Prison Visiting Room

Gabrielle is sitting across from Carlos.

Gabrielle: "Look, I know the timing is bad."

Carlos: "Pretty bad."

Gabrielle: "I feel terrible. How was I supposed to know that he would take a bullet and suddenly realize he's in love with me? Okay, look, I know I pushed you into hiring that creep, but I promise I will do anything I can to fix this."

Carlos: "All right, go have s*x with Bradley."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "Well, that's what you want me to say, isn't it? God, you guys are good. I mean, you set me up perfectly."

Gabrielle: "You think David and I planned this so we could sleep together?"

Carlos: "Well, let's see. The guy tells me to my face that he wants to get into your pants, quits a week before my trial, and now you can't wait to do anything to get him back? Yeah."

He gets up and looks at the guard.

Carlos: "I'd like to go back to jail now."

Gabrielle: "How dare you think that of me? I have been nothing but faithful to you! Since you've been in here."

Carlos: "Save it. I know when I've been outfoxed, and please don't pretend that you're doing this for me, cause I'd rather rot in here."

Gabrielle: "And you know what? A lesser woman would let you rot in here, but I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna give you the satisfaction. So you better start packing up your shanks or whatever you people make in here, because you're coming home with me!"

Gabrielle storms out.

Carlos (to the guard): "I don't have any shanks."

Hotel

George and Bree are checking in.

Desk Clerk: "Good afternoon. Checking in?"

George: "Yes. Uh, reservations in the name of Williams. George Williams."

Desk Clerk: "Let me get your paperwork"

George: " So what do you want to do first?"

Bree: "I don't know. I thought maybe we could go antiquing." (to the desk clerk) "I hear you have some lovely museums nearby. Do you have any brochures?"

Desk Clerk: "Right over there, Mrs. Williams."

George: "Oh, uh, she's not my wife."

Desk Clerk: "I'm so sorry."

Bree seems uncomfortable. She absently reaches up to begin scratching at the side of her neck.

George: "So I hear they have a terrific Farmers' Market nearby. We should pick up some nectarines."

Bree: "George, I can't."

George: "What?"

Bree: "I can't stay in a hotel room with you."

George: "Why not?"

Bree: "Because I am starting to get that rash again."

George: "Well, I, I brought the antihistamines."

Bree: "Oh, please. it's not gonna help. George, clearly, this is psychosomatic. We need to go home."

George: "Bree, we just drove three hours to get here."

Bree: "I know, and you have every right to be mad, but, George, I am really starting to itch."

Desk Clerk: "Is there a problem?"

George: "Uh, no, there's no problem. Everything is fine. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Uh, uh, I'll get you your own room."

Bree: "George..."

George: "No, no, no. We can still have a nice weekend. We'll just shift the focus to...antiquing."

Bree: "Please. I mean, clearly, you didn't come here to shop."

George: "No, I came to spend time with you, time that does not need to be spent in a bed."

Bree: "Really? You mean that? You wouldn't mind?"

George: "No."

Bree: "You know what, George? We're gonna have a great time, because there's tons of fun stuff we can do that doesn't involve s*x."

George: "You betcha. While I take care of this, why don't you go get those brochures?"

Bree: "Okay."

George: "Okay."

Bree: "George, you won't believe it. I just stopped itching."

George: "How about that?"

Wisteria Lane - Afternoon

At Lynette's House, Tom is gardening, while the kids are playing in the yard. Lynette drives up and gets out of the car, still wearing the white suit.

Tom: "Nice suit."

Lynette: "Just hear me out. I was gonna take it back, I swear."

Tom: "But?"

Lynette: "But then I started thinking about it, and you know what? I'll be damned if I'm gonna pitch to a roomful of people who are all wearing Armani and Vera Wang, while I'm standing there with two-year-old breast milk crusted on my lapel."

Tom: "Lynette..."

Lynette: "And you know what else? I kicked ass in that meeting because of this suit."

Tom: "It is a suit. Why are you so obsessed with it?"

Lynette: "You can't explain obsession, Tom. It just is."

Tom: "No, we are parents. We can't afford the luxury of obsessions."

Lynette: "See? That's where I think we have been making a terrible, terrible mistake."

Lynette opens her car trunk and takes out a set of new golf clubs.

Tom: "What is this?"

Lynette: "Sometimes we just need to get something that makes us happy. I know that sounds selfish, but I've been thinking. It might make us better people and maybe even better parents."

Tom: "No. No, Lynette, no. This is wrong."

She hands him one of the clubs.

Lynette: "Carbon...fiber...shafts."

Tom takes the club and swings it.

Tom: "Wow. I feel like a better parent already. Oh, yeah!"

Hotel

Bree and George are sitting in the dining room, with menus in front of them.

Bree: "So I was talking to one of the bellmen, and he said there's a place not far from here where we could go horseback riding. Doesn't that sound like fun? George?"

George, distracted, watches two people kissing at another table.

George: "Wh, what? What? I'm sorry."

Bree: "I was saying I think we should go horseback riding."

George: "Oh, sure. That'd, that'd be great."

Bree reaches for George's hand. George pulls away.

Bree: "What's wrong?"

George: "Nothing. I, I just don't think that we should risk you getting another rash. "

Bree: "Well, I'm not gonna get another rash just by holding your hand."

George: "You never know."

Bree: "Oh. Well, okay."

George: "Hey, uh, I brought those antihistamines with me. Maybe you should take a couple, just to see if it works."

He places the pill bottle on the table.

Bree: "Oh, well, I'm drinking wine. I don't think you're supposed to mix pills with alcohol."

George: "That's for people who are, who are about to use heavy machinery. You don't plan on operating a forklift tonight, do you?"

Bree: "Well, you're the pharmacist. If you think it's okay..."

George: "I do."

Bree opens the bottle and takes a couple pills. George reaches out and strokes her hand.

Later, George is holding Bree up as they walk from the dining room back to their rooms.

Bree ( slurring ): "George, I can't feel my legs."

George: "I know, sweetheart. Don't you worry. I'm gonna take you to your room, and then we're gonna get you into bed. Okay?"

Desk Clerk: "Is she going to be okay?"

George: "Yeah, she's just had a little too much wine."

Bree ( slurring ): "I don't think it was the wine, George. I think it was the antihistamines."

George: "She doesn't know what she's...we're good, thank you."

Bree's Hotel Room

George is helping Bree lie down.

Bree moans and, still lying down, tries to reach for her shoe.

George: "No, no, no, no, no. I'll get those. You just relax."

Bree moans and lies back down.

George: "I love you very much, Bree. You know that, right?"

Bree: "I know."

George: "And I want more than anything for you to love me back. Do you understand what I'm saying? Bree?"

Bree is fast asleep. George looks down at her and slowly removes his tie.

Later, Bree wakes up and looks at the clock which reads 3:21. George is sitting in a chair, watching her.

George: "Hey there. How you feeling?"

Bree: "Oh, okay. Have you been sitting there all this time?"

George: "I wanted to make sure you were okay, so I stayed and watched you sleep."

Bree: "Did I do anything embarrassing? Sometimes I snore."

George: "No. No, you slept like an angel. In fact, you were so beautiful and peaceful, I actually started to feel guilty."

Bree: "Guilty?"

George: "Um, well, you know, 'cause I told you take those pills."

Bree: "That chair looks so uncomfortable. Why didn't you sleep next to me?"

George: "Well, you made it pretty clear that you don't want me in your bed."

Bree: "George. I know what you want from me, and I, I thought I wanted the same thing, but I keep getting those rashes because I still feel married."

George: "Makes sense, I guess."

Bree: "Can't you just be patient? Can't you wait just a little bit longer?"

George: "I've already waited my whole life for you, and I can wait a little more."

Bree: "Mmm."

George: "But let's be honest. There's no guarantee that you'll ever be ready. There's only so much rejection I can take. So, I'll do my best, but don't be surprised if one of these days you wake up and I'm not here. Well, I should get back to my room, try to get a little sleep. The antique stores open at ten."

George begins walking out.

Bree: "George, wait. Please don't go. Stay here with me."

George: "But what if you get another rash?"

Bree: "Well, I'll just have to get over it, won't I?"

Bree kisses George and pulls him down onto the bed.

Later, when the clock reads 4:30, George, bare-chested and underneath the covers, is asleep on the bed and Bree sits in the chair, wearing a bathrobe, rubbing her ring finger.

Gabrielle's House

David walks into Gabrielle's bedroom to find her wearing a bra and panties.

David: "Gabrielle? I got your call. Wow! Does this mean what I think it means?"

Gabrielle: "There are some ground rules first. I'm not leaving my husband. Carlos is looking at spending eight years in jail because of my lapse of judgment with the gardener. I can't let him rot in there. I'd be filled with guilt."

David: "You could get him out and then divorce him."

Gabrielle: "Not an option. I'm Catholic, hence the guilt."

David: "So, what are our options?"

Gabrielle: "This, us, stolen moments, seeing each other whenever we can. Carlos never needs to know."

David: "No."

Gabrielle: "I thought this was what you wanted."

David: "I want all of you. All or nothing."

Gabrielle: "Then it's nothing."

David: "So you won't get a divorce, but you'll have an affair?"

Gabrielle: "I said I was Catholic, not a fanatic. You know, David, you could tell me to stop. Just tell me to stop, and I will, or you can have me right now, on my terms."

David: "All right."

He grabs her to kiss her. Gabrielle pushes her thumb into David's sore shoulder, pushing him back.

David: "Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! What are you doing?"

Gabrielle: "Making my point. You don't love me."

David: "Yes, I do."

Gabrielle: "No. You just agreed to an affair. A cheap, illicit affair with the woman you love? Carlos would never share me. He's looking at eight years in prison because the mere thought of it sent him into a violent rage. That is love. This is, this is just lust, mixed with posttraumatic stress. I will see you in court tomorrow at ten a.m. and don't be late, or else I'll have you disbarred for sexual harassment."

Gabrielle leaves the room.

Paul Young's Front Yard

Paul is sprinkling poison into the garden. Mike approaches.

Mike: "I'd take it easy with that snail poison. It's hell on your agapanthus."

Paul: "Thanks. I'll keep that in mind. Is that why you stopped by, to share a few gardening tips?"

Mike: "Nobody wants you here, Paul, especially me."

Paul: "I'm just a father looking for his son."

Mike: "Oh, I know what you are."

Paul: "First, your girlfriend tries to run me off with some crazy story about sending Zach to Utah. Now you're here trying to scare me away. So much for love thy neighbor. Anyway, thanks for the advice. About my agapanthus, I mean. I'll make sure I send you some."

Mike: "What did Susan tell you?"

Susan's Living Room

Susan is wearing Sophie's wedding gown, while Sophie is circling her.

Sophie: "Oh! You look beautiful. Oh, you should really consider wearing this when you marry Mike. We could make it a family tradition."

Susan: "Why don't we both stop getting divorced? That would be a nice family tradition."

Mike walks in.

Susan: Hey!"

Mike: "I need to ask you something important."

Sophie: "Oh, my god! Ah! This is it! Oh! Let me get my camera."

Susan: "Oh, no, mom, stop! What is it?"

Mike: "Did you give Zach money to go to Utah?"

Susan: "What?"

Mike: "Yes or no?"

Susan: "He was talking so much about Julie. I tried to get him to come home with me, I mean, to, to you, but he just kept going on and on about her, and I got scared."

Mike: "Yes or no?"

Susan: "Yes. Mike."

Mike walks out of the house. Susan chases after him.

Susan ( crying ): "Mike, I didn't do it to hurt you. You've gotta believe me. I..."

Lynette, out by her car, turns toward Susan's cry.

Susan: "I, I should have told you right away. I, I know that. But you know now, so can we please talk about it?"

Gabrielle, doing yoga on her front porch, stops and looks toward Susan.

Mike: "No."

He walks to his truck.

Susan: "Mike, stop."

Mike: "Susan, you said you wanted to help me, and I believed you. That's it. We're done."

Mike gets into his truck and slams the door. Susan cries harder.

Susan: "No, no, no, no, no!"

She stands in front of Mike's truck blocking the way. Bree comes out of her house to see what's going on.

Susan: "I screwed up, okay? I want to fix it! Please let me fix it! Tell me how to fix it! Mike, I love you!"

Mike stares at Susan and shakes his head. He puts his truck into reverse, backs up, and drives around her.

Susan: "Please, no, please, please. No, Mike! Mike!"

Susan, still in the wedding gown, chases Mike's truck pleading and crying. Mike drives away. Susan is in the middle of the street, sobbing as she runs after the truck.

Susan: "No, Mike, Mike! Come back! Come back!"

She looks over and sees Paul standing in his yard, staring at her. Paul turns and walks into his house.

Susan: "No, no, no."

Sophie, Lynette, Bree, and Gabrielle all run toward Susan, who has collapsed in the middle of the street.

"Yes, every little girl dreams of a big white wedding. But some dreams just don't come true."

A young mother takes her daughter out of her van and they walk up to a neighbor's house.

"It is often said that necessity is the mother of invention. This is how mothers came to invent play dates. So occasionally they could have a little time for themselves."

Another young mother answers the door. The little girl enters the house. The first mother begins to walk back to her van.

Mother #1: "If you need me, I'll be at the salon."

"But there are some mothers who don't get to take advantage of this maternal innovation. Mothers like Lynette Scavo..."

Lynette, pushing Penny in a stroller, flanked by Porter, Preston and Parker come up the street.

"...who was no longer able to rest on weekends..."

Lynette: "Guys, stop it! Stop it, I mean it, come on!"

"...because her twins no longer received play date invitations. Ever since they had convinced Sasha Eden's boy that a pair of magic wings would allow him to fly."

Flashback  Sasha Eden is sitting on the grass with her son wrapping his injured ankle. Sasha is looking up angrily at the Scavo balcony where Parker and Preston are looking down at them.

"And they had double dared Sharon Chasin's boy to ride his bike blindfolded."

Flashback  Sharon Chasin is tending to an injury on her son's hand. She angrily looks toward the street where the twins are standing by a light pole with a broken bike at their feet.

"And they had encouraged Lisa Seigmann's boy to try an exciting new game called, Toss the Brick.'"

Flashback  Lisa Siegmann's son is laying on the grass next to a broken brick. Lisa is placing an ice pack on her son's forehead and looks angrily toward the Scavo twins who are standing innocently near a pile of bricks.

"The Scavo twins had become persona-non-grata..."

Present day  Lynette is sitting in the park dreamily watching all the other mothers and their kids playing peacefully together.

"...and Lynette's secret dream of being able to take an occasional nap on Saturdays was growing dimmer and dimmer."

Lynette is startled by the sound of her twins yelling. She sees their legs, entangled with other legs behind a fence. She runs toward them and finds another younger set of twins wrestling with her twins.

"Until one day..."

Lynette: "Hey, hey, hey, Porter, Preston, knock it off. All right, did you hear me, I said stop it. Stand up. Stand up! Come here!"

She pulls the kids apart and pulls the other twins toward her.

Lynette: "I'm so sorry. Did my sons beat you up?"

Jimmy/PJ: "No, we were beating them up."

Lynette: "Is that true? Did they beat you up?"

Parker/Preston: "Ah, it didn't hurt that much."

Jimmy and PJ's mother, Norma, comes running up.

Norma: "Jimmy, PJ, what are you doing? What have I told you about ganging up on people?" (to Lynette) "I am so sorry."

Lynette: "Ah, no, it's, it's okay. Believe me, my boys can take care of themselves."

Norma: "If they got hurt at all, I'll pay for the doctor bills."

Lynette: "No, not to worry. I got the feeling they were sort of enjoying themselves."

Norma: "Really?"

Lynette nods yes. Jimmy's mother looks at Parker and Preston.

Norma: "What would you say to bringing your boys over to my house and letting them hang out with mine some time?"

Lynette smiles.

"And that's how Lynette finally got what she needed..."

Lynette's House

Lynette is taking a nap on the couch when the doorbell rings.

"...time for herself, and play dates for her kids."

Lynette goes to the door. Norma is standing there with Parker and Preston. Both boys are banged up and Preston is holding a tissue to his nose.

Norma: "I'm sorry, but my boys decided to have a rock fight with your boys."

Preston: "It was fun!"

"Play dates she was determined to keep..."

Lynette: "Well, they look fine to me."

"...at all costs."

The boys go into the house and Norma turns to leave.

Lynette: "Same time next week?"

Norma: "Okay."

Opening Credits

"Cameras are simple tools designed to capture images. Images that tell us more about ourselves than we realize."

Focus on a photo of Bree, Mary Alice, Gabrielle, Lynette, and Susan.

"They remind us of the long journey we've taken."

Focus on a picture of Susan, Karl, and Julie.

"The loved ones who traveled alongside of us."

Focus on a picture of the entire Scavo family.

"Those we lost along the way."

Focus on the wedding picture of Bree and Rex.

"And those waiting for us on the road ahead."

Gabrielle's House

Focus on a sonogram photo with a coffee cup on top of it. Someone picks up the dish and the photo is revealed to be labeled Gabrielle Solis. Edie, Susan, Bree and Gabrielle are sitting around the table having ice cream.

Edie: "Okay, how am I supposed to eat with a uterus staring me in the face?"

Susan: "Oh, Gabby, I didn't know you got a sonogram. Let me see. Oh!"

Susan wipes the photo with her sleeve.

Bree: "Honey, you need to put that in a frame or something."

Gabrielle: "I don't think so."

Bree: "Oh come on, that's a picture of your baby. You can't tell me you're not a little bit excited."

Gabrielle throws the picture into a drawer.

Gabrielle: "Fine, I'm pregnant. Whee! Now come on, we are supposed to be cheering up Susan. This is a time of crisis and I think you need another scoop of mint chocolate chip."

Susan: "Thanks."

Edie: "Susan. Why are you so eerily calm? Mike Delfino just dumped you. The Susan Mayer I know would be a blubbering mess right now. Oh, come on, trot her on out. She's fun to watch."

Susan: "Actually, I think I'm starting to feel pretty Zen about the whole thing."

Bree: "Well, I think Mike will calm down in a couple of days and come to his senses."

Susan: "No, I came between the man and his son. There's a huge betrayal. I, I can't even blame him for hating me."

Gabrielle: "But Zach was starting to obsess with Julie again."

Bree: "Exactly. You're a mother trying to protect her child. It's a natural impulse."

Susan: "Over the past couple of days, I gave myself a long hard look in the mirror and I did not like what I saw."

Edie: "I'm with you. Carry on."

Susan: "I just think if I start acting like an adult for once, maybe, who knows, somewhere down the line, Mike and I at least can be friends."

Edie: "All right, you're not Zen. You're numb."

Susan: "I'm fine. You got any pie?"

Gabrielle: "Not unless we make some."

Susan: "I can wait."

Lynette's House

Norma and Leonard are dropping off their kids for a play date. Jimmy and PJ run inside.

Tom: "Whoa!"

Norma: "So if you need us, we'll be at home just having a quiet evening."

Sounds of something breaking come from inside the house.

Tom: "Funny, we're expecting quite the opposite."

Leonard: "Well, don't forget, next week it's our turn. We'll taking Porter and"

Norma: "...Preston"

Leonard: "...Preston off your hands all weekend."

Lynette: "Rest assured, we have not forgotten. See ya!"

Norma: "Bye."

Lynette: "Don't worry."

Porter and Preston are coming downstairs.

Tom: "Whoa, guys. Whoa, why aren't you upstairs with PJ and Jimmy?"

Preston: "They're watching this dumb video they brought"

Porter: "It's boring."

Lynette: "Well, you should be polite and watch it too. You know they're your guests."

The boys continue going downstairs.

Tom: "Guys!"

Scavo Children's Room

Parker and the twins are watching a video tape.

Lynette: "Hey, guys. We got snacks!"

Leonard (on the TV, wearing boxer shorts): "We're good to go. Okay, ready?"

Norma: (on the TV, wearing a bra and panties) "Okay."

Leonard (on the TV): "All right, hang on now, I'm just getting up."

Lynette: "Guys, what is this?"

Jimmy/PJ: "A movie. Mommy and Daddy made it."

On the TV screen, Norma and Leonard are on the bed, almost naked.

Leonard: "Whoa. What's under there?"

Norma: "Peek a boo! Peek a boo!"

Lynette: "Oh my god! Oh my god, where's the off button?"

Lynette runs to the TV and tried to turn off the tape.

Tom: "It's, it's underneath the panel thing."

Lynette: "Well, it's stuck. Get the remote! Get the remote!"

Lynette blocks the TV and Tom scrambles around for the remote.

Parker: "What's wrong?"

Lynette: "Oh, uh..."

Tom: "I found it."

Tom pushes a button on the remote. The TV turns off.

Lynette: "Oh."

Parker: "So can we have the cocoa now?"

Lynette nods yes and looks toward Tom.

Boutique

Outside the dressing room.

Vern: "Well, what do you think?"

Gabrielle comes out of the dressing room wearing a turquoise blue dress.

Gabrielle: "It is glorious. I have to have it."

Vern: "I'm not sure you deserve Dolce and Gabbana."

Gabrielle: "Vern."

Vern: "You never call, you never write."

Gabrielle: "I know I haven't been to the store lately but I've been a little busy getting my husband out of jail."

Vern: "That's such a white-trash thing to say."

Gabrielle: "Luckily, the judge dropped the hate crime charge. So now all Carlos has to do is serve out the slave labor thing. He'll be out in six months."

Vern: "If he's still in the hoosgow, why do you need the fancy party dress."

Gabrielle: "Because some of my model friends are coming down from New York on Friday so I have to look better than ever. I can't have them thinking I moved to the suburbs and I shop at strip malls."

Vern: "When they see this dress they will crumple to the floor like the Botox tags they are."

Gabrielle: "Good. You know what? It's a little snug."

Vern: "Yeah, I see that. I have the same thing in a zero, why not go up a size?"

Gabrielle: "Because I wear a double zero, you twerp!"

Vern: "Why are you getting snippy?"

Gabrielle: "Because you just called me fat!"

Vern: "Honey, you're pregnant. Your body's changing."

Gabrielle: "But I'm only three months pregnant. Women don't show at three months."

Vern: "Some women do. Do you want the larger size or not?"

Gabrielle: "I'm just not gonna eat for two days."

Vern: "Okay, you totally deserve to wear Dolce and Gabana."

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Susan approaches Mike's house. She hears Edie yelling and looks over. Edie and Karl are coming out the front door. Edie grabs Karl by the arm.

Edie: "I want an explanation, Karl, do you hear me?"

Karl: "Edie, you just better get the hell off my back, so help me..."

Edie: "Oh. Oh, so what are you gonna do? I'd like to hear this. Big man, big threat."

Karl: "Back off, just back the hell off!"

Edie: "What am I..."

Susan knocks on Mike's door.

Susan: "Hi. Okay, so I got the box on things you left on my porch."

Mike: "Yeah, I figured you'd want your stuff back."

Susan: "Thanks. That's great. 'Cause if you decided to hang on to my Joni Mitchell CDs I'd have to come after you with a club. You're right, it's not funny. Actually, I did want to see if you were aware that you gave me back the Valentine's Day card that I made you."

Mike: "I was aware, yeah."

Susan: "Oh. Well, I mean when two people split up, normally they don't give things back like Valentine's Day cards. If, if, you can throw it away. Just please don't give it back to me, it's tacky."

She hands the card to him and he takes it.

Mike: "I'm sorry."

Susan: "That's okay. People make"

Mike tosses the card in a trash can by the door.

Susan: "...mistakes."

Mike: "Anything else?"

Susan: "Look, are you sure this is what you want to do? I mean, I understand that you don't want our relationship to continue, you have made that clear. But I sort of thought down the long corridors of time, maybe you and I could be friends, and if you keep acting like this..."

Mike: "Susan, it's over. On every level. Okay, I've, I've moved on. You should do the same."

They both turn as Edie continues to yell at Karl, who has already gotten in his car.

Edie: "You miserable son of a bitch! If I have secrets, I'm a hell of a lot better at keeping them than you are!"

Karl speeds by in his convertible.

Susan: "Well I'll say one thing for us. Even with all our problems we're not acting like that."

Susan turns back toward Mike, who closes the door in her face.

Empty House

George escorts Bree blindfolded into the empty living room.

Bree: "Okay, I'm starting to get the feeling that we are not going to a yard sale."

George: "That was just a clever ruse to get you into my car. Are you ready for your surprise?"

Bree: "Um hmm."

George removes the blindfold. Bree looks all around.

Bree: "Oh. George, this is just, uh, an empty house. Why is this a surprise?"

George: "I just bought it."

Bree: "Oh, my god! Congratulations. Oh George, I didn't even know you were looking."

Two women come out of the door down the hall.

Francine Williams: "Hurry, Ceal, they're here."

Ceal: "Coming. Hey Georgie."

George: "Bree, I'd like you to meet my mother."

Francine: "George never introduces me to anyone. So I knew you were special."

George: "And this is Ceal, my mother's friend and the real estate agent who sold me the house."

Ceal: "Hi."

Bree: "Hi."

Francine: "Well, we're gonna go in the back, so George can, you know."

The ladies leave the room.

George: "So, you really like it?"

Bree: "Uh, I do, I really do."

George: "Good, 'cause, uh, I was sorta hoping that you might like to live here. Bree," (he pulls out a ring) "will you marry me?"

Bree: "Huh?"

George: "I love you and I think I know how you feel about me. So why wait?"

Bree: "George, Rex hasn't even been dead for two months."

George: "Yes, but if his death has taught us anything, it's that life is short. It's dumb to play it safe. If we see a chance for happiness we should grab it and hold on tight."

Bree: "See, I thought we were going to a yard sale."

George: "Please, just say the word and you'll make me the happiest guy on earth."

Francine and Ceal, carrying glasses of champagne, enter the room.

Francine: "Congratulations, you two."

Ceal: "Mazel tov!"

George: "Guys, wait, she hasn't said yes yet."

Francine: "Oh."

Ceal: "I told you we should wait."

The ladies leave again.

George: "So, Bree. What do you say?"

Bree: "See, George, um, the thing is..."

Bree sees Francine and Ceal peeking around the corner.

Bree: "...okay."

George: "You will? You'll marry me?"

Bree: "Okay."

He grabs Bree and hugs her.

Francine: "Oh.. Ah. Oh my baby! Oh."

The three of them hug and Bree grabs a glass of champagne and drinks it all down.

Susan's House - Nighttime

Someone knocks on Susan's door.

Susan: "Who is it?"

Karl: "It's your ex-husband."

Susan: "Oh, Karl. What do you want?"

Susan opens the door and Karl is there with all his suitcases.

Karl: "Uh, Edie and I just broke up."

Susan: "Oh. Well, come on in."

Susan and Karl sit at the dining room table drinking wine.

Karl: "I'm sorry to come over on such short notice. But, I couldn't face going to a hotel."

Susan: "Oh, that's okay. Julie's staying at a friend's tonight. You can sleep in her room."

Karl: "The sofa's fine, thanks."

Susan: "So am I allowed to ask what happened?"

Karl: "You could ask, but I won't tell."

Susan: "Why not?"

Karl: "'Cause it's embarrassing."

Susan: "Karl, did you cheat again?"

Karl: "No."

Susan: "Did she cheat?"

Karl: "No."

Susan: "You finally saw her without her makeup?"

Karl: "Susan."

Susan: "I'm sorry. Are you okay?"

Karl: "Yeah. Haven't been working for quite a while. This was inevitable."

Susan: "Well, these days anybody going through a break-up gets my sympathy."

Karl: "That's right. I heard you made the plumber angry."

Susan: "No, I made the plumber furious. That is definitely over. So there will be no gloating from me."

Karl: "Here's to no gloating."

They clink their wine glasses together.

Susan: "Actually, I'm trying to keep a positive outlook on the whole thing. Um, last night I started writing and, well, I think there's a book in there."

Karl: "A book?"

Susan: "Yeah."

Karl: "Like one of your children's books?"

Susan: "Nope. This one's for adults about all my failed relationships."

Karl: "You're not writing about me, are you?"

Susan: "You're, like, the first fourteen chapters."

Karl: "Are you gonna be fair?"

Susan: "I'm gonna be honest."

Karl: "I was afraid of that."


Dr. Goldfine's Office

Bree: "It was just awful. George had a ring. His mother and her friend were there with champagne. If I had said no, it would have devasted him."

Dr. Goldfine: "So you agreed to marry him just to be polite?"

Bree: "Well, obviously there's a down side to having good manners."

Dr. Goldfine: "So, when will you tell him how you really feel?"

Bree: "That's why I wanted to talk to you. I mean, part of me just keeps thinking maybe I should just do it."

Dr. Goldfine: "Do it? You mean actually marry him?"

Bree: "Well, I know it sounds rash, but, well, there's something comfortable about George. We share the same tastes and interests. Oh, and best of all, he loves the opera."

Dr. Goldfine: "The opera?"

Bree: "Yes, we saw Aida last week and we both cried buckets. It was fun. George loves art, poetry, and music. It would be nice to be married to someone who looks for beauty in the world like I do. I don't know. That's why I'm here. I don't know what to do, Dr. Goldfine."

Dr. Goldfine: "Bree, you've said many times how comfortable you are with George, but you don't feel for him the way you felt for Rex."

Bree: "No. True love is great, but at this point in my life, I think I'd rather just go to the opera."

Susan's House

Susan and Karl are still drinking at the dining room table. Both appear a little bit drunk.

Karl: "You need another glass. Let's finish this off..."

Susan: "Oh no, no wait, no wait, no wait. Four glasses is my limit."

Karl: "If you help me finish off this bottle, I'll tell you what happened between me and Edie."

Susan: "Hit me."

Karl: "Edie was making the bed and found a picture I kept under the mattress. A picture I didn't want her to see."

Susan: "What was it?"

Karl: "It was a picture of you."

Susan: "Why would you...?"

Karl: "Because it's something I like to take a look at every now and then."

Susan: "Wow."

Karl leans over and kisses Susan.

Susan ( laughing ): "What the hell was that?"

Karl: "That was something I've been wanting to do for quite some time."

Susan: "Oh, that's just you rebounding from Edie."

Karl: "So, you're on the rebound from the plumber. No harm, no foul."

Susan: "Karl. It'd be so weird."

Karl: "Just two old friend who suddenly find themselves single. There's nothing weird about us helping each other out to be a little less lonely."

Lynette's House - Daytime

Norma arrives to pick up her twins.

Norma: "Thanks so much for taking care of the boys. I'll be back on Friday to pick your guys up. Leonard and I are gonna take them all to the water park."

Lynette: "Yeah, um, before that happens..."

Norma: "And we're gonna be able to take Penny soon, aren't we? She's getting so big. Peekaboo, peekaboo, peekaboo."

Lynette: "Yeah, okay, enough of that."

Norma: "Is there something wrong?"

Lynette: "Actually, yes. We've agonized whether to tell you this, Norma, but one of your private videos made its way into Jimmy and P.J.'s bag."

Norma: "Please tell me the kids didn't see it."

Tom: "Oh, no, don't worry. I caught it, I caught it right before you took off your bra."

Norma: "I have to go."

Lynette: "Oh, Norma. Norma, we just thought you needed to know what happened."

Tom: "Seriously, we're, we're cool with it so long as you keep it away from the kids."

Norma: "I told Leonard this was gonna happen!"

Norma runs to her car and gets in quickly.

Norma: "Jimmy, P.J., close the door! Are we all buckled up?"

She speeds away and Lynette shouts after the car.

Lynette: "Norma, wait! We're still on for next week! Norma! The water park! Right?"

Susan's House - Morning

Julie walks into the house. She goes upstairs to Susan's room and opens the door to see Karl and Susan, asleep in bed together.

Julie: "Mom! Mom? Mom, are you up? Mom, oh, my god!"

Susan: "Oh. Julie! I thought you were going straight to school."

Julie: "I, I needed money for lunch."

Karl: There's a twenty in my pants if you can find 'em."

Susan: "Oh, uh, Julie, uh oh, Julie, uh..."

Karl: "Honey."

Julie runs out of the room and goes downstairs. Susan follows.

Susan: "Okay, there is a good explanation for what happened."

Julie: "I doubt that."

Susan: "You probably don't know that your father and Edie broke up last night."

Julie: "You slept with him the same night he broke up with her?"

Susan: "Well, I said it was a good explanation, not a great one."

Julie: "Oh!"

Susan: "Oh, Julie."

Karl walks in buckling his pants.

Karl: "Hey, pumpkin."

Julie: "Don't even!"

Julie walks out.

Susan: "Oh, now I feel really awful."

Karl: "Me too."

Susan: "We should not have done what we did."

Karl: "I know, I know. But I gotta tell you, last night was the best s*x ever."

Susan: "Wasn't it, though? You were fantastic!"

Karl: "Hey, I was just trying to keep up with you."

Susan: "Why do you think we got so good all of a sudden?"

Karl: "Because we've been angry at each other for so long, and we finally found a way to channel it."

Susan: "Maybe."

Karl: "So what happens next?"

Susan: "Well, I'm gonna take a shower."

Karl: "No, I, I mean with us."

Susan: "Us? What do you mean? There's no us."

Karl: "You can't tell me you can just walk away from this chemistry we got going. I mean, what happened last night was...explosive."

Susan: "Karl, last night was two old friends helping each other through a rough patch. That's it."

Karl: "Susie Q..."

Susan: "Karl, I want to move on. I don't want to go backwards. I'm sorry, but thank you for the explosion. I really needed it."

Susan leaves the room.

Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Gabrielle is putting on her Dolce and Gabana dress.

"After 48 hours of crash dieting, Gabrielle prepared to savor the fruit of her labor. But she was dismayed to discover that she herself had ripened considerably."

Gabrielle, unable to zip the dress up, goes out the front door and sees the gardener.

Gabrielle: "Ralph! I need help getting dressed. Get in here! Now!"

Ralph drops the rake and runs inside.

Gabrielle: "I have to fit in this, so for god's sakes, put some muscle into it."

Ralph: "I'm trying. It won't zip."

Gabrielle: "Well, try harder."

Ralph: "Oh! Ow. My hands hurt. I'm sorry, Ms. Solis, but I can't get you into this dress. It's just too small."

Gabrielle: "Get me into this dress, and I will pay you ten more dollars a week."

Later, Ralph's partner is holding onto the zipper with pliers while Ralph is holding on to Gabrielle.

Ralph's partner: "I think I got it. Hold on. Hold still. Here we go. One, two, three. There."

Gabrielle: "Oh! Thank god."

Gabrielle falls into a chair and the dress rips.

Betty's House

Betty and Matthew go into Caleb's room in the basement.

Betty: "We brought you some ice cream. I know how long it's been since you've had any. We'll have that in a minute, sweetheart. First, I want you to talk to me about what happened about Melanie."

Caleb: "I don't want to talk about her."

Betty: "You know it breaks my heart to keep you down here like this. But I can't let you out until I am positive that you will never hurt anyone else again. And the first step is for you to show me that you understand that what you did was wrong."

Caleb: "She was a bad person. She deserved it."

Betty: "No one deserves to die like that, Caleb. Don't you agree? Very well. If that's how it's going to be, this is how it's going to be."

Betty takes the ice cream and they leave the room and lock the door. Caleb jumps up and screams. He starts pulling at the chains that bind him to the bed.

Leonard and Norma's House - Nighttime

Tom and Lynette approach the house and ring the door bell.

Tom: "I can't believe we're doing this. If Leonard and Norma want to cut ties with us, who are we to stop them?"

Lynette: "They need to know we don't judge them for what they do in the privacy of their own home. And, well, it's not unheard of to tape yourself while you're having s*x."

Tom: "Well, obviously, they were so embarrassed, they don't want anything to do with us. Maybe we need to respect that."

Lynette: "I need these play dates. Tom, we need these play dates."

Tom: "Fine. Fine. But you do all the talking."

Lynette: "Okay."

Norma opens the door.

Lynette: Norma..."

Norma: "Aah!"

Norma closes the door.

Lynette: "Wait!"

Tom: "Let's go."

Lynette: "No!"

Leonard opens the door.

Leonard: "Hi, Scavos. What are you guys doing here?"

Lynette: "Hi. Sorry for just showing up unannounced, but, um, could we talk to you for a minute?"

Leonard: "Sure, come on in."

Lynette: "So, um, we've been trying to contact you, but you haven't been returning any of our messages."

Tom: "And we really hope it isn't because of the porno video."

Lynette: "Home, home movies. The fact is, we really don't care, and it's certainly no reason to keep our boys apart."

Leonard: "We just don't know how they found it."

Tom: "But you know boys, they get, they get into everything, But seriously, it's not a big deal. I mean, just as long as you make sure it never happens again. It's the new millennium. We're, we're, we're hip."

Lynette: "You know, what we're saying is, we get it. You're just having fun. It's nothing to be ashamed of."

Later, the four of them sit in the living room drinking wine.

Norma: "I'm just so relieved this all worked out. At one point, we actually talked about selling the house and moving."

Lynette: "Oh, no!"

Norma: "Thank you for being so open-minded."

Tom: "Please, we're all adults. It's..."

Leonard: "I gotta tell you, the most embrarrassing part of that video is how poorly it was shot. The production values are ca-ca."

Lynette: "Well, from a lay perspective, it looked very professional."

Leonard: "What you saw was an example of my earlier work. Since then, I've become much more adept at production."

Lynette: "Ah."

Leonard: "You know, editing and lighting."

Norma: "Leonard has always dreamed of directing movies."

Leonard: "Ironic, isn't it? I finally get my wish and no one ever gets to see my work."

Lynette: "That is a damn shame."

Leonard: "Norma, what do you think? Should we show them the room? Let's show 'em the room. Huh?"

Leonard takes Lynette and Tom into a dimly lit bedroom with filming equipment around the room.

Leonard: "Check out this baby. Three-chip high-def, twelve-eighty by seven-twenty lines of resolution, bounced lighting, and dark sheets so you don't get a kick off the pillows. Took me a while to learn that little trick. These walls are completely soundproof. You could scream your lungs out in here, and nobody'd hear you."

Norma: "It's true."

Leonard: "So, anytime you wanna set up a shoot, just let me know."

Norma: "You guys'd love it. Once you get in front of that camera, you feel like a star."

Leonard and Norma's House - Outside

Tom and Lynette walk away from the house as Norma and Leonard stand on the porch.

Leonard: "Good night."

Tom: "Night." (whispering to Lynette) "I'm thinking no more play dates."

Lynette: "Not a one."

George's House - Nighttime

Bree knocks on the front door.

Bree: "Hey. We'd better hurry. The movie starts in twenty minutes."

George: "There's been a slight change in plans. My mother had a couple of friends who really wanted to meet you, and I thought, what the heck? It could be fun. Do you mind?"

Bree: "Uh, no, I, I guess not."

He opens the door fully to reveal a couple dozen people standing in the empty living room.

George: "Hey, everybody, this is Bree."

Everyone starts clapping. Bree smiles, waves, and walks inside.

Later, Bree and George are standing with Francine and several other people.

George: "And this is my Uncle Sid."

Bree: "Hi."

George: "My Aunt Rosalie."

Bree: "Hello."

George: "Oh, and this is Stan Grazi, who does my mom's taxes."

Stan: "She's a knockout, George. Guess I owe you an apology."

George: "Since I was single all these years, Stan kept telling my mom I was gay."

Stan: "I'm still gonna need some proof. But I guess I'll be getting that in about nine months, hey, Bree?"

Bree: "What happens in nine months?"

George: "That's just Stan's little joke about when we're gonna start our own family. Now just so you know, Stan, it's gonna be a while before we even think about kids. I want Bree all to myself for a while."

Francine: "Well, don't wanna wait too long. After forty, the eggs don't get any fresher. Am I right, Bree?"

Bree: "If you'll excuse me, I, uh, I have to go."

Bree takes the champagne she had been holding and walks out of the house. George follows.

George's House - Outside

George: "Bree, Bree, where are you going?"

Bree: "I am taking my champagne and my aging eggs, and I'm going home."

George: "What's wrong?"

Bree: "George, I'm starting to think that we made a mistake rushing into this engagement."

George: "What?"

Bree: "And I'm not the only one who thinks that. Other people have said the same thing."

George: "What others? Andrew?"

Bree: "No. Dr. Goldfine, my therapist."

George: "Your therapist? He doesn't know me."

Bree: "Well, he knows me, and certainly better than you do."

George: "How can you say that?"

Bree: "Well, for starters, he knows the last thing I'd ever want to do is have more children."

George: "Really? Well, I didn't know."

Bree: "But you should know that. That's the kind of thing that people who are engaged are supposed to know about each other."

George: "Well, it doesn't matter. I don't need children."

Bree: "It's not just that, George. Dr. Goldfine has other concerns about us being together, and I'm starting to think he's right."

George: "Look, I'll agree with Dr. Goldfine on one thing. We should slow things down."

Bree: "Really?"

George: "Yes. Just because two people are engaged doesn't mean they have to get married anytime soon."

Bree: "I'll talk to Dr. Goldfine about it tomorrow."

George: "Take whatever time you need."

She hands him the champagne glass, then gets in her car and drives off.

Betty's House

Matthew and Betty are walking downstairs to the basement.

Betty: "How many times am I gonna have to ask you to fix this step? Matthew, are you gonna answer me?"

Matthew sees the door to Caleb's room is wide open.

Matthew: "Did you leave the door open?"

They both see the binding lying on the floor in the basement.

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Betty and Matthew run outside. They start searching the neighborhood for Caleb.

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Betty and Matthew are still searching for Caleb. Matthew comes out of the back yard of the neighbor.

Betty: "How'd you do?"

Matthew: "Not good. People are gonna start coming home from work soon."

Betty: "Okay. We can't panic. Caleb is scared. He doesn't know the area, so he's got to be close by. Which yards haven't you checked yet?"

They look at Bree's yard. Bree is working in her front garden. Betty approaches Bree while Matthew sneaks in the back yard.

Betty: "Bree, I desperately need your help."

Bree: "Oh, dear. What's wrong?"

Betty: "How do you get your hydrangeas to look so stunning? I'm systematically slaughtering my own garden."

Bree: "Do you really want to know my secret?"

Betty: "Oh, yes."

Bree: "Horse manure. I have it delivered. Susan makes fun of me, but the proof is in the pudding."

Bree's Backyard - Daytime

Matthew is searching the yard and doesn't see Danielle, who is also in the backyard, wearing a bikini and see-through robe. She holds a lit cigarette as she watches Matthew look through the windows of her house.

Danielle: "Hello."

Matthew: "Hey."

Danielle: "Looking for something?"

Matthew: "Uh, yeah. Actually, I'm looking for you."

Danielle: "Me? You're looking for me?"

Matthew: "Yeah. I've been thinking about you, and that time we met, I thought you were really cool."

Danielle: "So you came to ask me out? 'Cause I'll say yes."

Bree's Front Yard - Daytime

Betty: "Thank you."

Bree goes into her house and Matthew comes out from the backyard.

Betty: "Anything? Well, that was a waste of time."

Matthew: "Pretty much"

Susan's Front Yard - Daytime

Susan is watering her yard. Edie approaches.

Edie: "Did you hear the big news?"

Susan: "Uh, the big news?"

Edie: "Karl and I are back together."

Susan: "What?"

Edie: "And I know that he stayed at your place last night, which leads me to why I'm here. There's some stuff that I have to say, and it's not going to be pleasant."

Susan: "Edie, uh...".

Edie: "Whatever it was that you said to him really helped. He showed up with flowers and he apologized for everything. So, thank you."

Susan: "I'm sorry, what?"

Edie: "Well, I'm not gonna say it again. It hurt my teeth the first time."

Susan: "No, Edie. I mean, this is so unexpected on so many levels. I don't know what to say"

Edie: "Then say nothing. Oh, and, uh, here is the photo of you I found in our bed. I know he told you about it."

Susan: "Why are you giving it to me?"

Edie: "Look, I appreciate whatever it was that you did last night, but it's still important for you to understand that I won."

Susan: "You won?"

Edie: "Yeah. Whatever little hold you had on Karl is officially over. So you can stop feeling all smug and superior that he kept that thing."

Susan: "Believe me, I don't feel superior."

Edie: "Good, 'cause you shouldn't. He made his choice, and it's not you."

Susan: "You're right. He made his choice."

Edie smiles and walks off.

Gabrielle's House

Bree is altering the dress Gabrielle is wearing.

Gabrielle: "Bree, it's still too easy to breathe. You've gotta make it tighter."

Bree: "Gaby, if I make it any tighter, you won't be able to sit down."

Gabrielle: "I don't care. I can't have these girls thinking I'm pregnant."

Bree: "Do you actually think they're gonna make fun of you?"

Gabrielle: "Trust me. They're merciless."

Bree: "But why? I mean, surely they have friends who have children."

Gabrielle: "When I decided to marry Carlos, I told these girls I would spend the rest of my days being rich and in love and childless, and they laughed at me, and they said I would just end up being another fat hausfrau living a life that I didn't plan. I'm not gonna give them the satisfaction of knowing they were right."

Bree: "Well, maybe they'll just be happy for you."

Gabrielle: "Bree, my friends are models. They're never happy for anyone."

Bree: "Do you ever think you might like it?"

Gabrielle: "What?"

Bree: "Motherhood."

Gabrielle: "No."

Bree: "Oh, come on. You don't think you're gonna love your own baby?"

Gabrielle: "Well, I'm not saying I'm not gonna grow attached to the little bugger. I just don't have the motherhood gene. I wish I did, but I don't. What?"

Bree: "Well, I'm just smiling because I think a few months from now you are gonna come to me and tell me how madly in love you are with your new little baby, and I'm gonna have to resist the urge to say 'I told you so.'"

Gabrielle: "Maybe, but I doubt it."

Bree: "There you go. All done."

Gabrielle: "Ah. How do I look?"

Bree: "Positively glowing."

Gabrielle: "Bree."

Street

Dr. Goldfine is out jogging across a bridge. A man wearing dark clothing and a helmet pulled low passes Dr. Goldfine on a bicycle. The cyclist stops ahead of Dr. Goldfine, gets off of the bicycle, and starts stretching against the overpass wall.

As Dr. Goldfine gets closer, the cyclist looks up and it's George. As Dr. Goldfine passes him, George grabs the the doctor, hits him in the face, smashes his head on the concrete overpass wall and throws the doctor over the side of the bridge. George looks around, gets on his bike, and leaves the scene.

Gabrielle's House - Nighttime

A staff of waiters are working at the dining room table when the doorbell rings. Gabrielle answers the door to her model friends. They all scream when they see each other and gather together for a group hug.

Gabrielle: "Hi!"

All Three Models: "Hello!"

Model: "Oh, my god! You're pregnant!"

They all kiss and hug Gabrielle.

Bree's House - Nighttime

There's a knock on the door.

Gabrielle: "Bree? It's Gaby!"

Bree: "Honey, it's open. Come on in."

Gabrielle: "Hi. My, uh, friends just left, and I was hoping you could come over and cut me out of this thing."

Bree: "How was your little reunion?"

Gabrielle: "It was, um, weird."

Bree: "Weird?"

Gabrielle: "Well, Allison's mad because she's losing jobs to fourteen-year-olds, Holly is on a strict diet of cruciferous vegetables, and Yasmin is undergoing a new embryonic facial treatment that probably causes short-term memory loss. You know, I just stood there the whole night trying to remember why we were ever friends. And I couldn't."

Bree: "You know, honey, people change."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, but that's the thing. They haven't changed. That's who they've always been. I've changed, and I honestly don't know how."

Bree: "Well, maybe Susan, Lynette, and I have had a good influence on you."

Gabrielle: "I doubt that."

Bree: "Come on. When I finish up here, I will come over with my sewing kit and cut you out of that."

Gabrielle: "All right, but hurry up, because I've been having to pee since hors d'oeuvres. Are you free to go shopping tomorrow? I figured it's probably time I bought some clothes that actually fit."

Bree: "Well, I know a store that carries maternity clothes with designer labels."

Gabrielle: "I like the sound of that. Thanks."

Gabrielle's House - Nighttime

Gabrielle enters her darkened house. She goes into her kitchen and sees the freezer door is open. She closes it and leaves the room, not seeing the open ice cream carton on the counter.

Gabrielle washes and dries her hands in the bathroom, then sees a empty ice cream bowl sitting in her walk-in closet. She picks it up and turns around. Caleb is standing there. Gabrielle screams and throws the bowl at Caleb. Caleb bats the bowl away. Gabrielle runs out of the room and down the stairs She trips and falls down to the bottom on the steps.

Still lying on the floor, she watches as Caleb walks down the steps. Caleb stands over her and stares down at her, then walks out the door.

Later, police are at Gabrielle's house, investigating the scene. An officer is talking to Bree who is standing outside. Paramedics are carrying Gabrielle out on a stretcher.

"Yes, cameras are tools designed to capture images."

The paramedics start wheeling Gabrielle past Bree.

Gabrielle: "Wait."

Gabrielle whispers something to Bree.

Bree ( to the paramedics ): "Uh, she needs me to get something for her. I will be right back."

Bree runs inside.

"But in truth, they can capture so much more."

Edie's House

Karl is staring at at picture of Susan. He tucks the picture into a book.

"They can uncover hidden longing of men who should no longer care."

Leonard and Norma's House

Leornard and Norma are watching the video the Scavos gave back to them.

"They can reveal the extraordinary secrets of the most ordinary marriages."

Gabrielle's House

Bree runs outside to the ambulance. She gets inside and places a photo in Gabrielle's hand. Gabrielle looks at the photo of the sonogram and holds it to her heart. She begins to cry.

"Most amazing of all, cameras can quietly and clearly reveal to us our dreams. Dreams we didn't even know we had."
"Anyone who'd ever been to a party at Bree Van de Kamp's thought of her as the perfect hostess because Bree knew how to take care of her guests. Her dinners were always served promptly."

Flashback to Bree serving dinner to a guest.

"Her liquor always flowed freely."

Flashback to Bree pouring wine for her guests.

"And her anecdotes were always enjoyable."

Flashback to Bree's guest laughing at a story Bree is telling.

"But on this night, the perfect hostess was about to find herself"

Bree's House  Present Nighttime

Bree is serving coffee to her guests around her dining room table.

Female Guest: "Shhh. Where's that music coming from?"

"in a very imperfect predicament."

Singing from outside can be heard.

Bree: "Ah, I'm not sure."

Bree walks to the window. Upon opening the curtain, she sees George singing into a microphone. A loud speaker on top of a van parked behind him is amplifying his voice and the music.

George (singing): "Don't give up on us, baby. We're still worth one more try."

Bree angrily closes the curtains. Calmly, she turns to her guests. George's singing can be heard in the background.

Bree: "If you'll excuse me for just one minute."

George (singing): "I know we put a last on by."

Bree leaves the room and goes outside.

Bree's House - Outside

Bree faces George.

George (singing): "Just for a rainy evening."

Bree: "George! I have guests! What do you think you are doing?"

George: "We had a tiff. I upset you and now I'm just trying to make things right again."

Bree: "It was not a tiff! We broke up! It's over!"

George (singing): "We can still come through!"

Bree: "I am not kidding. If you do not knock it off, I'm going to call the police!"

George: "All right, go ahead. (singing) "I really lost my head last night!"

He stops singing and yells into the microphone as Bree walks away.

George: "Call the police! If they drag me away, I'm only gonna come right back here. I want you to hear the whole medley! Come on!"

Bree enters her house to find all of her guests standing in the doorway of the dining room watching her.

Bree: "Why don't you all take your seats? Uh, dessert is about to be served."

Her guests go back to the dining room. Bree rushes upstairs.

In her bedroom, Bree pulls a long case out from under her bed. A shotgun and shells are in the case. She loads one shotgun shell and cocks the shotgun one-handed. She walks to the window.

George (singing): "I really lost my head last night. You've got a right to"

George sees Bree at the window, aiming the shotgun toward him. He freezes. Bree shoots the speaker off the top of the van. Her guests inside are startled by the gun shot. George stares toward Bree in disbelief.

"Yes, Bree knew how to take care of her guests. Especially those who weren't invited."

Bree smiles down at a shocked George.

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

A young boy dressed as a cowboy with a white hat peeks out from behind a bush.

"Good guys wear white hats and bad guys wear black."

Another little boy peeks out from a different bush wearing a black hat. They both come out and start shooting each other with their toy guns.

"This is how children distinguish between good and evil."

The little boy in the black hat pretends to be shot and falls down.

"But they soon learn that bad guys always don't look so bad."

They get up as George comes riding by on a blue bike. George waves and they wave back.

"And sometimes they seem downright friendly. That is until you get to know them a little bit better."

George continues up to Bree's house. Bree is walking to her car. George stops beside her.

George: "Hey, fancy seeing you here. I was just out for a little ride."

Bree: "Don't lie to me, George. You've been riding up and down this street for the last hour."

George: "I don't want to do this, Bree, but you won't return any of my phone calls."

Bree: "So stalking me is plan B?"

Bree gets into her car. George gets off the bike and goes to her car window.

George: "Bree, I know I messed up. I know I got some issues to work on, but I'd be willing to see a therapist if that's what you want. I'll do anything but how can I show you that I, I can change if you don't give me a second chance? Come on. You know I'm not a bad person."

Bree: "I do know that, but I'm just not sure you're a good one, either."

Bree starts her car and drives away quickly.

Advertising Agency

Lynette is making a presentation in the conference room to Nina and Ed. Her staff is also there.

Lynette: "And we integrated the corporate logo into the jungle background creating not only an ad for the clothing, but for the company, itself."

Ed: "I don't get it."

Lynette: "What, um, don't you get?"

Ed: "The whole idea just kinda makes my head hurt." (to Nina) "Is it just me?"

Nina: "No, nuh uh. You're right, it stinks."

Ed: "Sorry guys. Back to the drawing board. Well, I got tickets to a game." (to Nina) "Nina, you do whatever you have to do to keep us afloat here."

Nina: "Got it."

Ed leaves the room.

Nina: "Looks like it going to be another late night at the office. Nice work, everybody. Thank you."

Lynette: "Could you can the attitude, Nina?"

Nina: "I'm sorry, what did you just say?"

Lynette: "You're being rude and it's totally out of line. You know how hard we all worked on this."

Nina: "Yeah, I do."

Lynette: "Nina, I think I speak for everyone here when I say we are sick and tired of your abuse. Frankly, you owe us an apology."

Nina: "Is, is this true? I mean, I would be mortified if I thought that I hurt any of you. If anybody feels like I owe them an apology, please speak up. You? You? You? Gee, Lynette, I guess you were mistaken. All right, let's recap, shall we? Stinky pitch, working late, no apologies."

Nina leaves the room.

Lynette: "Guys, we talked about this. What happened to standing up for ourselves?"

Stu enters carrying a basket of muffins.

Stu: "Hot muffins! Any takers?"

Lynette: "No, Stu! These people don't deserve muffins."

All the staff members bow their heads.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle comes in carrying a shopping bag. The phone rings.

Gabrielle: "Hello."

Man's Voice: "Hello. My name is Mark Martinez. Uh, I'm the assistant warden down at Fairview County Jail. Is Mrs. Solis available?"

Gabrielle: "Uh, yeah, this is her. Did, did something happen with Carlos?"

Man's Voice: "At seven forty-three this morning, your husband held two guards at gunpoint and successfully escaped."

Gabrielle: "He what?"

Man's Voice: "I take it you had no prior knowledge he had planned to do this."

Gabrielle: "No, of course not! He's a moron!"

Man's Voice: "We have every reason to believe your husband may come to find you. We believe him to be armed and very, very horny."

Carlos walks into the room, talking on the phone.

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "Surprise, baby. I got paroled early."

Gabrielle: "It's so good to see you!"

Gabrielle runs into his arms. Carlos picks her up.

Gabrielle: "What happened?"

Carlos: "Well, there's this church group that helps out Catholic prisoners and they really, really stepped up for me."

Gabrielle: "Well, what did they do?"

Carlos: "They lobbied the Parole Board and it worked."

Gabrielle: "Mmm. I guess I owe the Pope a thank you note."

Carlos: "Uh, less talking, more stripping."

Carlos pulls off his tie. Gabrielle begins to undress.

Outside Prudy's Feed Store  Daytime

Susan and Julie pull up in their car.

Julie: "Ah. Prudy's Feed Store."

Susan: "Apparently he owns the place."

Julie: "How are you gonna do it?"

Susan: "What do you mean?"

Julie: "I mean, how are you gonna tell him that you're his daughter?"

Susan: "Oh, I'm not. Julie, the man abandoned me before I was born. I don't have a desire to have a relationship with him."

Julie: "Okay, then I'm really confused why we're here spying on him."

Susan: "I just want to see what he's like. And satisfy my curiosity and get it out of my system."

Inside Prudy's Feed Store

Susan enters. Addison Prudy is helping a customer.

Addison: "Well, here you go. Now, you tell Charlie that Addison Prudy says drop in some time. I miss that ugly mug of his around here."

Customer: "I will."

The customer leaves the store.

Addison (to Susan): "I bet I know what you're here for."

Susan: "Oh?"

Addison: "You heard about the give-a-way. Well, I got the cowboy hats right here."

Susan: "Oh, oh, no. That's okay, you don't have to give me anything, really."

Addison: "Relax. This is a promotional item. Didn't cost me a dime."

Addison brings a black cowbow hat over and puts it on Susan.

Addison: "There you go. Pretty as a picture."

Later, Susan comes running out of the feed store wearing the hat. She gets in her car.

Susan: "I have a Dad! He's great! He gave me a hat!"

Susan laughs and Julie smiles.

Gabrielle's House

Carlos and Gabrielle are in bed.

Gabrielle: "Wow. That biting thing at the end totally blew my mind. Please tell me you didn't learn that in prison."

Carlos: "Yeah, I didn't."

Carlos rolls over and closes his eyes.

Gabrielle: "Wait! I'm not done with you yet."

Carlos: "Just give me ten minutes, please."

Gabrielle: "What is wrong with you? You are totally useless after s*x."

Carlos: "I know. I should probably get my thyroid checked out."

Gabrielle gets out of bed and picks up the plastic bag Carlos brought back from prison. She pulls out some letters.

Gabrielle: "Who is Sister Mary Bernard?"

Carlos: "Hey, those are private, gimme!"

Gabrielle moves out of reach.

Carlos: "She's this nun, okay? She visited me in prison a couple times. She's part of the group that got me early release. So now can I please have my them back."

Gabrielle reads the letter out loud.

Gabrielle: "'When you walk with God everyday, you learn that Truth is understood in the Mind, but Faith burns in the Heart'?"

Gabrielle laughs. Carlos grabs the letter.

Carlos: "You don't know what it was like in there. All right? Twenty hours a day, eight by ten cell, just you and your mind."

Gabrielle: "So pretty much just you."

Carlos: "It forces you to re-examine everything. I was a very bad person for a very long time. But now all that is gonna change. Because I'm on a new path."

Gabrielle: "A new path?"

Carlos: "I am going to live a virtuous life. I want to do right by you, by my mama, and by my God."

Gabrielle: "What the hell did they do to you in that prison?"

Bree's House - Daytime

Lynette is dealing cards to Susan (with cowboy hat on), Gabrielle, Bree, and Edie.

Lynette: "All right. This is my last hand, then I gotta go."

Bree: "All ready?"

Lynette: "I left a proposal on my desk at work. I have to go over it tonight, or you-know-who's gonna have my head."

Everyone: "Nina!"

Bree: "You know this gainful employment thing is really starting to cut into our social life."

Lynette: "Well, if one of you would just agree to raise my kids, I wouldn't need a job. Any takers?"

Edie laughs.

Lynette: "Yeah, no, I didn't think so. Ante up."

Edie: "Speaking of child abandonment, when are you gonna tell your father that he has a bouncing middle-aged baby girl?"

Susan: "Soon. I don't wanna ambush him. I'm gonna ease into it."

Gabrielle: "How do you ease into, hi, I'm your illegitimate daughter'?"

Susan: "Well actually, there's a help wanted' sign in the window so I was thinking about getting a job there. And, you know, he would get to know me and I'm sure he would like me and I would like him, and then one day he would say, you're like the daughter I never had' and I'd say, well actually, now that you've mentioned it.'"

Edie: "Okay, I'll go first. That is the most idiotic plan I've ever heard of."

Susan: "Why?"

Edie: "Because it all hinges on him responding to your personality. And let's face it, you are an acquired taste."

Lynette: "Edie! I am sure Susan's father will like her just fine."

Susan: "Thank you."

Bree: "I just hope you don't expect too much from this relationship. I mean aside from DNA, you might find that you don't have that much in common."

Susan: "I know. But I gotta find out if there's something there. I've always wanted a dad. I mean, I know not having one affected me."

Gabrielle: "Of course it did. Everyone needs a strong male role model."

Edie: "No, they don't. I grew up without a father and it didn't affect me one bit."

Lynette: "Edie, how old were you when you lost your virginity?"

Edie: "Point well taken."

Advertising Agency  Late Nighttime

Lynette comes into a darkened, empty office. She goes into her office and picks up a notebook off her desk. Across the hall, she sees Stu, wearing only his boxer shorts, running into Nina's office, carrying two bottles.

Stu: "Hey, look what I found in Ed's fridge."

Lynette quietly walks over to Nina's door.

Nina: "Oh. Oh."

Lynette peeks in the room and sees Nina, almost naked, on her desk, with Stu on top of her. Nina moans.

Then she opens her eyes and sees Lynette standing in the doorway.

Advertising Agency - Daytime

Lynette walks in.

Lynette: "Hey, Stu."

She walks over the coffee table where Nina is standing.

Lynette: "And Nina!"

Nina: "Hey, Lynette. Can I, um, see you for a second?"

Lynette: "Sure."

They go into Lynette's office.

Lynette: "Tsk, tsk, tsk. Having s*x with the support staff. That's a big no-no. Ed's been known to fire people for that sort of thing."

Nina: "Lynette, I know that we've had our little differences. But, at the core, I believe that we are both good people, both smart women who are just trying to make it in this vicious male dominated jungle. Okay, what do you want? Do you want a raise? Want a better office?"

Lynette: "My demands are simple. I want you to be nicer."

Nina: "What?"

Lynette: "No more belittling, berating, rude sarcasm."

Nina: "And in exchange I get your silence?"

Lynette: "Yeah. Pretty sweet deal, don't you think?"

Nina: "Ah, I'll see what I can do."

Lynette: "Great!"

Nina: "Okay."

Lynette: "And I'm gonna take your parking space."

Nina: "Hmm?"

Lynette: "I kid the Nina!"

Nina laughs and walks out.

Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Carlos is dressed in a suit, drinking coffee in the kitchen when Gabrielle walks in, wearing a robe.

Gabrielle: "You're up early."

Carlos: "I'm going to Mass."

Gabrielle: "Huh?"

Carlos: "Yeah."

Gabrielle: "But it's not even Sunday."

Carlos: "They have a Mass every day of the week."

Gabrielle: "Really? When did they start doing that?"

A horn honks outside.

Carlos: "That's Sister Mary Bernard. Did you see where I put my Bible?"

Gabrielle walks to the front door and looks out the window. There is a beautiful blonde lady standing by the car outside.

Carlos comes back downstairs with his Bible. Gabrielle blocks his way.

Carlos: "What?"

Gabrielle: "I saw your nun!"

Carlos: "So?"

Gabrielle: "So, she's hot! She's a hot nun!"

Carlos: "You can't seriously be jealous."

Gabrielle: "You mean to tell me that this miraculous conversion of yours has nothing to do with fact that the woman standing outside is a knock out?"

Carlos: "That's what I'm telling you."

Carlos leaves. Sister Mary waves to Gabrielle.


Advertising Agency - Daytime

Lynette walks in. A new receptionist waves at her.

Pat: "Um. Who are you here to see?"

Lynette: "I'm Lynette Scavo. I work here. Who are you?"

Pat: "Pat. It's my first day."

Lynette: "Oh. Well, welcome. What happened to Stu?"

Later, Lynette enters Nina's office.

Lynette: "You fired Stu?"

Nina: "Oh, Lynette. Hey. Come on in."

Lynette: "I can't believe you would sink so low. I'm going to Ed."

Nina: "Ed knows. This, this is Stu's employee evaluation file, right here. This thing is full of black marks."

Lynette: "Come on, Nina, we both know why you got rid of him."

Nina: "Well, good luck proving it. Oh! And on a completely unrelated topic, there's gonna be another round of firings coming down the pike. Ed's been after me to trim the fat."

Lynette: "You threatening me?"

Nina: "No! No, uh-uh. It's just that it's gonna be my job to evaluate those that are team players and those who are not. Just a little heads up. Just trying to be nice."

Prudy's Feed Store - Daytime

Addison: "I don't know, you seem kinda over-qualified."

Susan: "Why, cause I went to college?"

Addison: "No, because you finished high school."

Susan: "Well, I just want to change my life and every since I was a little girl I've always liked horses and the outdoors. Well, I'm just fascinated with feed."

Addison: "Well, I suppose we can give you a try. What? Something on my nose?"

Susan: "Oh, no. I was just looking at the color of your eyes."

Addison: "You were?"

Susan: "Yeah. They're just like mine. They're, they're nice."

Addison: "Carol sent you to test me, didn't she?"

Susan: "What? Who's Carol?"

Addison: "You go back and tell my wife if a private detective couldn't fool me, well, you're not gonna either."

Susan: "I don't know what you're talking about. I just came in to get a job."

Addison: "A cute little thing like you struts in here, flirts with an old codger like me, how dumb do you think I am? Hey, look at you. Your pretty hair, you gotta sexy walk, you gotta tight little ass!"

Susan: "Oh! I'm your daughter!"

Addison: "What?"

Susan: "Back in the sixties, you had a brief relationship with a young girl, Sophie Bremmer. She got pregnant and had a baby and that baby was me. Which makes you my father. Hi."

A very stunned Addison walks toward the back of the feed store. Susan follows.

Susan: "Mr. Prudy, I'm sorry. I didn't want to spring it on you like this. Where are you going? You see when I found out you were alive, and, and that we both lived in the same city, I just wanted to meet you."

Addison goes in the back room and closes the door.

Susan: "Mr. Prudy!"

She knocks on the door.

Susan: "Mr. Prudy. Hello."

Susan enters the back room.

Susan: "Hello!"

Mr. Prudy is laying on the ground, unconscious.

Fairview County Hospital

Dr. Goldfine is in traction with a broken leg and broken arm .

Dr. Goldfine: "And knock wood, the doctors say I'll keep improving, slowly but surely. So, how are you?"

Bree: "Good, good. Seeing friends. I just started co-chairing a charity event for the Junior League and um, and I broke up with George."

Dr. Goldfine: "Really?"

Bree: "Dr. Goldfine, do you ever really cure people, I mean, even though they're really crazy?"

Dr. Goldfine: "I'm not a big fan of that word. People either have mental health or they don't. When they do have a problem, you treat them as if they had any other disease. And sometimes they get better."

Bree: "Well, when I broke up with George, I saw something in his eyes. It was a kind of malevolence, and it just didn't seem to me to be the sort of thing you could cure."

Dr. Goldfine: "I don't believe in evil either. We're all just people."

Bree: "How can you not believe in evil? A man just threw you off a bridge for no reason."

Dr. Goldfine: "Exactly. He didn't know anything about me. He just rode up on his little blue bike and tried to hurt me. Do I think he's wicked? No. He's disturbed. His problems probably stem from a chemical imbalance. I believe with enough time and treatment, I could help him."

Bree: "Did you say a blue bike?"

Lynette's House - Daytime

Stu is sitting on the front porch. Lynette comes out carrying coffee.

Lynette: "Black?"

Stu: "Mmm."

Lynette: "Great."

Stu: "I gotta say Lynette, I was surprised to get your call. I didn't even think you'd notice I was fired."

Lynette: "Oh course I noticed! You are one of my favorites and I thought it was really unfair how it all went down."

Stu: "It wasn't that unfair. I was late all those times. And I broke the copier, and I stole all those paper clips."

Lynette: "See, I don't think that's why you got fired."

Stu: "Really? That's what Nina said."

Lynette: "Word got out that you and Nina were"

Stu: "Shagging?"

Lynette: "being intimate. And Nina fired you to keep Ed from finding out."

Stu: "You're kidding."

Lynette: "And that wasn't right of her. She shouldn't have been having s*x with you. She's upper management. Technically, it's sexual harassment."

Stu: "But, I was into it! I consented!"

Lynette: "Stu, you're a gopher. You can't consent to anything. So, I think you should talk to Ed about getting your job back."

Stu: "Why would he care?"

Lynette: "Oh, he'll care. He doesn't want you suing him for millions of dollars."

Stu: "Wow! So would Nina get in trouble?"

Lynette: "Well, I'm not gonna lie to you. There is a possibility she'd get a slap on the wrist. So, you'll think about talking to Ed?"

Stu: "Definitely!"

Fairview County Hospital

Addison is lying on a bed in an examination room.

Addison: "The nurse told me you were waiting out there."

Susan: "I just wanted to see if you were okay."

Addison: "Sorry if I spooked ya. I've got a bad heart. It's genetic, so you might want to get that checked."

Susan: "Oh, okay."

Addison: "Look, don't take this wrong, but, uh, I need you to clear out."

Susan: "What? I just got here."

Addison: "My wife is on her way. The thing is, if Carol finds out that I've got an adult love child around, that's gonna be the straw that breaks the camel's back. I mean, it's not exactly the only time I've strayed."

Susan: "Charming."

Addison: "But, believe me it was nice to finally get to meet you. You're a lovely woman. Hon, you really need to leave now."

Susan: "It's, it's Susan. My name is Susan. And, no, that's not good enough."

Addison: "Look, I'm trying really hard to be nice about this but you're backing me into a corner."

Susan: "It's not like I want an invitation to Thanksgiving. I just wanna have coffee, or a lunch now and then."

Addison: "I can't start up something with you. It wouldn't be fair to my wife."

Susan: "Oh, that's funny. So, all the times you were cheating on her, that was okay, but having lunch with your daughter, that just crosses the line? I just want a chance to get to know you."

Addison: "Well, I don't want to know you. I've already got a family. Years ago, your mother and I came to an understanding. I gave her a bunch of money and she agreed to keep things quiet."

Susan: "Well, I wasn't consulted on that little arrangement."

Addison: "I don't think it's fair to punish me for a mistake I made years ago."

Susan: "Is that what you think of me? I'm a mistake?"

Addison: "If that's what you need to hear, yeah, that's what I think."

Carol enters the room and hugs Addison.

Carol: "Oh Addy. Addy. Oh. Are you okay?"

Addison: "I'm good, baby."

Carol: "The kids are on their way over."

Carol turns and sees Susan.

Carol: "Hi, I'm Carol. You are?"

Susan: "Do you want to tell her, or should I? I'm your husband's guardian angel."

Carol: "Excuse me?"

Susan: "My name's Susan. I was buying some horse feed when Mr. Prudy had an attack behind the counter. I gave him CPR and called nine-one-one."

Carol: "Oh."

Carol hugs Susan.

Carol: "Thank you. Thank you. Oh, when I think what, what could have happened."

Susan: "Well, I'm gonna get out of here. Mr. Prudy, I want you to hurry up and get back on your feet."

Susan kisses Addison on the cheek and whispers to him.

Susan: "I'm not giving up."

She straightens and turns to Carol.

Susan: "I'm gonna be back in the store next week. I never got that darn horse feed."

Addison: "I guess I'll put a bag aside for you."

Susan: "You do that."

George's Street - Daytime

George is returning home on foot, carrying two bags of groceries. He sees police cars and policemen all around his house. He's sees an officer placing his bike into the back of a police van which is loaded with cardboard boxes. George gets behind a bush and drops his groceries. He takes out his cell phone.

George: "Bree, it's me. The police are at my house. They're going through my stuff. What the hell is going on?"

Bree's House

George's voice is on the answering machine as Bree stands next to it.

George: "Look I know you are there, pick up. Did you have anything to do with this? Bree! Bree!"

Bree picks up the phone.

Bree: "George, I know what you did to Dr. Goldfine. And I can see now just how sick you really are, so please just turn yourself in and that way you can get the help that you really need. George!"

George's Street

George hangs up the phone. He picks up his bags and starts walking the way he came. Then, he throws the bags down and starts to run.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is setting the table. Carlos walks in.

Carlos: "What's going on?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, I invited Sister Mary Hot Pants over for lunch."

Carlos: "What?"

Gabrielle: "You said she touched your soul so I just want to make sure her hands are clean."

The doorbell rings and Gabrielle goes to answer it.

Later, Gabrielle, Carlos, and Sister Mary sit around the dining room table.

Gabrielle: "So Sister Mary, tell me what's it like meeting men in prison. Do you bond with all the convicts or was Carlos just special?"

Sister Mary: "Well, of course, Carlos is special, but our mission does a ton of evangelical work with several prisons."

Gabrielle: "Oh, I get it. Sort of like, today's convict is tomorrow's convert."

Sister Mary: "Something like that, but mostly I do charity work. Are you two involved in any charities?"

Gabrielle: "Currently? No."

Carlos: "But we should be. I mean, let's face it, Gaby. Buying more stuff isn't gonna make our lives any better.

Sister Mary: "Exactly. Money can't buy happiness."

Gabrielle: "Well, sure it can. That's just a lie we tell poor people to keep 'em from rioting."

Carlos: "Gaby!"

Gabrielle: "It's a joke. Lighten up."

Carlos: "Can you believe this? I'm married to a woman so selfish, she makes fun of the entire concept of charity."

Gabrielle: "You are a hypocrite. The money you spent to buy your sports car could buy a mud hut for every peasant in Ecuador."

Carlos: "Okay, you're right. But I'm evolving, starting right now. Sister, I would like to donate my car to your mission."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Sister Mary: "Carlos, are you sure?"

Carlos: "Absolutely. Gabrielle and I don't need two cars. We can share one."

Gabrielle: "Share? What if you have the car and I need to go shopping?"

Carlos: "We're gonna cut back on shopping too."

Gabrielle: "Okay, I think we should all just calm down a little bit!"

Carlos: "I'm gonna get you that pink slip right now."

Gabrielle: "Carlos!"

Carlos: "We're doing this."

Carlos leaves the room. Gabrielle gets up also.

Gabrielle: "I have to, uh..." (hands over a bottle of wine) "Uh, here have some of this. No one needs to know."

Gabrielle follows Carlos upstairs. Carlos is searching the drawers for the pink slip.

Carlos: "Don't even bother. You're not talking me out of this."

Gabrielle: "I'm not here to talk you out of anything. Check in this drawer. Carlos, I wanna apologize for the way I've been acting. I mean, here you are trying to turn your life around, and all I can think about are my stupid jealousy issues."

Carlos: "Yeah, well, let's just get back down there."

Gabrielle: "No, I mean it. I'm sorry. I wanna be a better person, too. I'm sick of being bad. Forgive me?"

Carlos: "You're not a bad person."

Gabrielle: "Really?"

She kisses him.

Carlos: "No, of course not."

Gabrielle: "That's so sweet. I feel so close to you right now."

Carlos: "Gaby."

Gabrielle: "I'm sorry. Guess I am bad."

Carlos: "Look, we've got a nun downstairs."

Gabrielle: "She can wait five minutes. We're giving her a car."

Gabrielle pushes Carlos on the bed and falls on top of him. He groans loudly.

Advertising Agency

Lynette gets off the elevator. Employees are scrambling around, some carrying boxes, one sitting with his head in his hands, some arguing.

Lynette: "Hey, Pat, what's going on?"

Pat: "I'm not sure. Ed keeps calling people into his office. I think people are getting fired."

Ed: "Lynette."

Lynette: "Yeah."

Ed's Office

Ed: "Lynette, Nina's out. You're in. You are our new V.P. of accounts."

Lynette: "I am?"

Ed: "I just gave her the ax, along with a bunch of other people."

Lynette: "Why? What happened?"

Ed: "Our old pal Stu just filed a sexual harassment suit against the company."

Lynette: "He did what?"

Ed: "He hired a fancy lawyer who threatened to go to the press. I had no choice but to pay him off. He had a video of him and Nina together."

Lynette: "Okay. I get Nina, but why are you firing everybody else?"

Ed: "Stu's taking us to the cleaners. If I don't cut back on staff, the next round of paychecks are gonna bounce."

Lynette: "Oh, god, Ed. I am so sorry."

Ed: "Well, it's not your fault. We'll get through this. You and me together. Oh, can you run down to the art department? Someone's gotta can Jeff and Elizabeth."

Lynette: "Yeah. Sure. I'll, I'm gonna go and take care of that."

Outside Nina's Office

Nina is standing there, drinking wine.

Nina: "Hey. Congratulations."

Lynette: "This is not what I wanted. I just wanted you to be nicer."

Nina: "You know what? I used to be nice. But our boss, I'm sorry, your boss is incompetent and selfish and has the attention span of a poodle. I mean, from day one, I have been the only one around here keeping this place from crumbling down around his stupid ears."

Lynette: "Oh, Nina, come on."

Nina: "This is the truth here. Nice is a luxury that I gave up along with vacations and relationships and eating at home. This job sucks you dry. So you better kiss those four little kiddies of yours good-bye because you have just adopted the neediest little child in the world. Here. You're gonna need this more than I do."

She hands Lynette the glass and winks.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle comes downstairs, wearing a robe.

Gabrielle: "Hi. Carlos will be down in a little while. We had an intense talk. He's resting."

Sister Mary: "Yeah, I overheard some of your talk."

Gabrielle: "Sorry. He's such an animal but since we have a couple of minutes, why don't we, uh, chat?"

Gabrielle takes Sister Mary outside to the porch.

Gabrielle: "Look, I don't mean any disrespect. It's just now that Carlos is home, we need to get back on our routine, and we can't do that if he keeps running off to church and charity bake sales. We need us time. Do you know what I mean?"

Sister Mary: "I do."

Gabrielle: "Oh, good. Good. So it would really help our marriage if you just backed off for a while, okay?"

Sister Mary: "No."

Gabrielle: "Huh?"

Sister Mary: "I said no."

Gabrielle: "I know what you said. I'm wondering why you said it."

Sister Mary: "Carlos is a diamond in the rough, a flawed man to be sure, but someone who is desperately searching for something to believe in. To satisfy your materialism, he ended up breaking the law. To deal with your adultery, he resorted to assault. As long as he's with you, he will never find what he's looking for."

Gabrielle: "Well, I guess he should have thought of that before he married me."

Sister Mary: "Some marriages are meant to be annulled."

Gabrielle: "What the hell kind of nun are you? Look, if you try to come between me and my husband, I will take you down."

Sister Mary: "I grew up on the south side of Chicago. If you wanna threaten me, you're gonna have to do a lot better than that."

Gabrielle: "You listen to me, you little bitch. You do not want to start a war with me."

Sister Mary: "Well, I have God on my side. Bring it on."

Hotel Room

George opens the door of his hotel room.

Bellman: "You called for a bellman?"

George: "There's a charity dinner taking place downstairs. My friend, Bree Van de Kamp, is one of the co-chairs. Give her this note and walk away. If she comes up in the elevator, call me."

He holds out a wad of cash to the bellman, who smiles and takes it.

George: "You think you can do that?"

Bellman: "Yes, sir."

Hotel Charity Event

The bellman approaches Bree.

Bellman: "Excuse me, ma'am?"

Bree: "Yes."

He hands her the note.

Bellman: "I was asked to give this to you."

Bree: "Oh, thank you."

Bree opens the note which reads "Bree, I can't live with you thinking I'm a bad person. I've taken some pills. If you could do me one last kindness, please come up and say goodbye. I'm in Room # 617."

Bree immediately calls the police department on her cell phone.

Fairview Police Department

Detective Barton: "Barton."

Bree: "Hello, Detective Barton. This is Bree Van de Kamp. I need to talk to you about George Williams."

Detective: "Yeah, I was just getting ready to call you, Mrs. Van de Kamp. My men are at his house right now and they've uncovered evidence that suggests Mr. Williams was responsible for your husband's death."

Bree: "What?"

Detective: "Yeah, we found Rex's prescription bottles and doctored potassium pills as well as some disturbing diary entries. Mrs. Van de Kamp?"

Bree hangs up and walks to the elevator. The bellman calls George.

Bellman: "Hello, sir. Yeah. She's, uh, on her way up."

George: "Thank you very much."

Hotel Room

George is sitting at the table. There are many pills on the table in front of him. He begins taking the pills.

George: "She loves me. She loves me not."

Bree, in the elevator, stares at her reflection in the door.

George: "She loves me."

Bree begins crying and hitting the walls.

George: "She loves me not."

Bree slides down so she's sitting on the floor of the elevator.

George: "She loves me."

She pulls the stop' button of the elevator.

Later, George, in his room, is lying on the bed, eyes closed. He awakens suddenly and looks at his watch, lying next to her. Breathing heavily, he grasps the phone and pushes a button.

George: "Operator, this is a bit embarrassing, but I've, I've swallowed some pills by mistake. I think you need to call an ambulance."

There's a knock at the door.

George: "Uh, uh, uh, they were, they were just vitamins. Yes. False alarm. I'm fine."

He hangs up.

George: "Door's open."

Bree enters and sees George lying on the bed, then the pills and liquor on the desk.

Bree: "Hey. What were you thinking, taking the pills?"

George: "I didn't hurt Dr. Goldfine. For you to think me capable of that sort of violence..."

Bree: "George. George!"

George: "I'm sorry. It's the pills."

Bree: "Why are you telling me this?"

George: "Because maybe I don't have to die. I could face the police knowing that you would be there for me, that you'd stay my friend. Then I'll have something to live for."

Bree: "And then we'll call an ambulance and they'll pump your stomach."

George: "Yes."

Bree takes a chair and pulls it next to the bed. She sits down in it.

Bree: "I want to help you, but in order to do that, I need to forgive you, and, I can't do that until you admit what you've done."

George: "I didn't push Goldfine."

Bree: "Yes, you did. But that's not what I'm talking about. You killed Rex. But I know it wasn't totally your fault because you're not well. So, if you'll just be honest with me, I can forgive you. It'll be the hardest thing I've ever done, but I'll do it. But you have to, you have to tell me the truth."

George: "Look, I'm in trouble here. We need to call someone."

Bree: "Not until you admit what you've done."

George: "I love you. Anything I may have done, I did for you. Because you wanted me to, you know you did."

He closes his eyes for a few seconds, then opens them and looks at her.

George: "We need to phone an ambulance."

Bree: "I called them while you were asleep. They're already on their way."

He smiles and closes his eyes again.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle lies in bed, watching Carlos as he kneels and prays.

"It's not always that easy to distinguish the good guys from the bad guys. Sinners can surprise you."

Sister Mary's Bedroom

Sister Mary is kneeling next to her bed, smiling, as she finishes praying and crosses herself. She extinguishes a candle that's next to her with her fingers.

"And the same is true for saints."

Advertising Agency

Nina is in her office, packing her belongings and crying.

"Why do we try to define people as simply good or simply evil?"

Fairview County Hospital

Addison in the emergency room with Carol holding his hand.

"Because no one wants to admit that compassion and cruelty can live side by side in one heart."

Hotel Room

Bree puts the chair back and walks out of the room after taking one last look at where George is lying on the bed.

"And that anyone is capable of anything."

"There were many ways to tell Bree Van De Kamp was a lady."

Police cars and police are all around George's home. Bree is helped out of her car by a police officer.

Bree: "Thank you very much."

"She was courteous to those around her, she moved with elegance and grace."

Bree enters George's house and Detective Barton approaches her.

"And she was very careful to never let others know what she was thinking."

Detective Barton: "Mrs. Van de Kamp, thank you for coming on such short notice."

Bree: "So what's happened? Have you had any luck finding George?"

"You see, like most well-bred women..."

Detective Sloan: "George is dead. He committed suicide last night at a hotel."

"...Bree had something to hide."

Bree: "Oh, um, well, um, it was very good of you to tell me in person, truly."

Detective Barton: "Actually, um, there's, there's more."

Bree: "More?"

Detective Barton takes a package from a police officer and shows it to Bree.

Detective Barton: "Do you recognize this?"

Bree: "Those are my panties. How did you...?"

Detective Sloan: "We assume Mr. Williams stole them."

Bree: "Where did you find them?"

Detective Sloan: "Mr. Williams had a room filled with, um, unsavory items. It was like a shrine."

Bree: "Unsavory items? Well, what does that mean?"

Detective Sloan: "You don't want to know."

Detective Barton: "Just so you're aware, the Daily Tribune is starting to sniff around this story. The editor's a good friend of mine. I'm pretty sure I can quash it, but you might want to tell your family what's going on, just in case."

Several officers walk in, carrying out a life-sized blow-up doll dressed like Bree.

Bree: "What is that?"

Detective Barton: "I am so sorry. You weren't supposed to see that." (to the officer) "Mudge, get that out of here."

Bree: "No, wait! Is that supposed to be me?"

Detective Barton: "Well, it's hard to say."

Bree: "I don't understand. I mean, what would George be doing with a life-sized doll? Oh, dear lord."

Detective Barton (to the officers): "Go ahead."

Bree: "Oh, hold it. What are you gonna do with that?"

Detective Sloan: "Well, until we close the file on Mr. Williams, she's considered evidence. We'll have to take her back to the station."

Detective Barton: "I am so sorry about this, Mrs. Van de Kamp. I know how difficult all this must be."

Bree: "Don't you worry about me, Detective Barton. I will be just fine."

Bree turns and walks outside. The officers carrying the life-sized doll walk out behind her as the neighbors watch.

"Yes, there were many ways to tell that Bree was a lady, but the surest was to watch how she maintained her dignity in even the most undignified of situations."

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

"It's a story as old as time itself - the return of the prodigal son."

Paul's House - Outside

Zach walks toward his home just as Paul comes outside.

"And no matter how many times it's repeated or how the details might vary..."

Paul looks up and sees Zach. They run toward each other.

"...or how the names might change, the story always ends the same way, in the tender embrace of a loving father."

They embrace.

Zach: "Hi, dad."

Paul's House - Inside

Zach is eating a sandwich.

Paul: "Susan Mayer told me she gave you some money to go to Utah."

Zach: "Yeah, I had no idea where to look for you, though, and the money started to run out, so I thought that maybe you'd come back here."

Paul: "You're a smart kid."

Zach: "Can I ask you something?"

Paul: "Of course. Anything."

Zach: "Well, when you left town, Mrs. Tillman said that my real mother was a junkie from Utah."

Paul: "That's right."

Zach: "So, who's my dad?"

Paul: "I don't know. It could have been anyone."

Betty's House - Outside

Mike approaches and waves to Betty. He hands Betty a paper bag.

Betty: "Thanks for the faucet. This leak is driving me crazy. What do I owe you?"

Mike: "Oh, it's no rush. Just pay me when I install it."

Edie jogs by. Matthew, clipping the hedges, overhears Edie and approaches.

Edie: "Hey, there! Have you seen today's paper?"

Betty: "No, not yet."

Edie: "There's a follow-up on that guy you caught last week." (reading) "Police seek help in identifying the mystery vagrant."

Betty: "They don't know the man's name yet?"

Edie: "They're not even sure that he knows how to talk."

Mike: "Think they're going to hold him in the psych ward until they figure out who he is."

Betty: "Well, I will certainly rest easier knowing that he's not roaming around our neighborhood."

Edie: "See ya!"

She jogs off.

Betty: "Thanks again for the faucet."

Mike: "Sure."

Mike walks away.

Matthew: "What are we gonna do about Caleb?"

Betty: "Obviously, we are going to go and get him."

Monroe's Office

The newspaper with Caleb's picture lies on the desk with a magazine clip filled with bullets. Mr. Monroe packs a small suitcase, picks up the clip, and puts it into the suitcase.

Monroe: "Where are my cuffs?"

Jerry: "Bottom drawer."

Monroe: "Ah."

Jerry: "So, when do I tell people you'll be back?"

Monroe: "Couple, maybe three days. What the hell's this?"

Jerry: "It's the ball gag. I thought you wanted it."

Monroe: "We do not recycle ball gags. Take a look at the teeth marks. It's gross. I'd like to think that we're better than that."

Jerry: "Hey, Monroe? You sure you don't want any help? The guy's dangerous."

Monroe: "He's a half-wit, Jerry. If I can handle you, I can handle him."

Lynette's House - Outside

The ladies are sitting around the porch, having coffee.

Lynette: "So, he poisoned Rex?"

Gabrielle: "Sweet, little George Williams."

Bree: "Well, it turns out he wasn't so sweet after all. Anyway, uh, there's a chance that some of this may wind up in the paper, so I wanted you to hear it from me first."

Susan: "Bree, I'm so sorry."

Lynette: "Yeah, like you haven't been through enough."

Gabrielle: "God, and he's our pharmacist. It's enough to turn you holistic."

Susan: "I know this sounds awful, but I'm kind of glad the guy's dead."

Gabrielle: ""Oh, I hope that little creep suffered."

Bree: "Well, we'll never know."

A station wagon pulls up.

Bree: "That's Andrew back from Camp Hennessey. I've got to go."

Lynette: "Does he know yet?"

Bree: "He hasn't got a clue."

Susan: "How do you think he's gonna react?"

Andrew gets out of the car and waves, then yells out to them.

Andrew: "All right, what the hell is going on? I know you didn't take me out of kid jail for my health."

Bree ( to the other women ): "I'll get back to you, uh, later."

Bree's House - Inside

Andrew and Bree are in the living room.

Andrew: "So, are the police sure?"

Bree: "Yeah. They found data in George's personal computer and also records at his pharmacy that pretty much proves that he was poisoning your father."

Andrew: "They say why he killed him?"

Bree: "Well, the detective seems to think he was trying to get your father out of the way so he could marry me. Honey, please use your coaster. That's gonna leave a ring."

Andrew: "My father was murdered because of you, so as far as I'm concerned, you no longer get to tell me what to do."

Bree: "Andrew, that is not fair."

Andrew: "You brought that psycho into our house! You sat him down at our table. Just how fair do you expect me to be?"

Bree: "Andrew, George Williams fooled a lot of people."

Andrew: "Yeah, well, he didn't fool me."

Bree: "Andrew, I'm not trying to minimize my part in this. Believe me, I, I hate myself for what's happened."

Andrew: "Good. Now we have something in common. Oh, by the way, I'm gonna call my friend Justin and have him come over and spend the night tonight."

Bree: "Justin? Is he a friend of yours from school or church? What kind of friend is he?"

Andrew: "The real good kind."

Bree: "Andrew, it is inappropriate for you to have somebody over. You just got home."

Andrew: "Like I said, you don't get to tell me what to do anymore."

Andrew walks upstairs.

Susan's House

Susan opens the front door to find Addison standing there.

Susan: "You came!"

Addison: "Did I have a choice?"

Susan: "Well, sure."

Addison: "Because at the hospital you sounded like you were fully prepared to blackmail me into having some kind of a relationship with you."

Susan: "That was just the heat of the moment, and once you get to know me, you'll understand that I am not the kind of person who could ever, ever resort to blackmail."

Addison: "Well, I wish you'd made that clear in the hospital. Could've saved me a trip."

Susan: "So are you coming in?"

Addison: "Well, I got a lunch hour to kill."

Susan shows Addison photo albums in the living room.

Susan: "That was my first Halloween. I was two. What do you think I am?"

Addison: "I don't know."

Susan: "Oh, come on, just guess. You can tell."

Addison: "Uh, a homeless person?"

Susan: "No, Addison, I'm a chicken. See? Those are feathers hanging around."

Addison: "Oh. I thought that was supposed to be trash. Uh, look, are we done here?"

Susan: "You haven't even finished your coffee."

Addison: "I got to get back to work."

Susan: "Oh, well, we, we haven't even finished the high school years. I wanted to show you this one. This was from the father-daughter dance. I had to take my mother's hairstylist."

Addison: "What do you want from me, Susan?"

Susan: "Well, I, I just want to share more than our D.N.A. I, I wanted to have a relationship with you. None of this means anything to you?"

Addison: "I'll take the hobo picture."

Susan: "Actually, it was...fine."

Advertising Agency

Lynette drops a copy of the company insurance policy on Ed's desk.

Ed: "What's this?"

Lynette: "Our company insurance policy. You ever bother to read it?"

Ed: "I'm gonna say no, but don't tell."

Lynette: "We have day care, Ed, day care. Do you realize that since we fired half the staff, you and I have barely left the building? My kids are forgetting who I am."

Ed: "I hear you. I have a seventeen-month-old who I haven't actually seen awake in weeks."

Lynette: "See? All we need is a minimum participation of, uh...sixteen kids. My kids, your baby, Sally in accounting has three, that new guy in Human Resources has two and we hit the mother lode with the Mormon receptionist. She just popped out number six. There. Sixteen."

Ed: "Fifteen. My wife won't do it."

Lynette: "Well, maybe if I talked to her."

Ed: "No, I'm telling you, this day care thing is a non-starter. Fran won't even let anyone else hold the baby."

Lynette: "Well, she won't just take some time off for a couple of hours?"

Ed: "Lynette, if I hadn't cut that umbilical cord with my own two hands, I swear they would still be attached. But if you want to try, more power to you."

Church - Inside

Gabrielle storms in.

Gabrielle: "You! What the hell did you do with my husband?"

Sister Mary: "Please restrain yourself, Gabrielle. You're in a house of God."

Gabrielle: "Tell me where he is!"

Sister Mary: "Everywhere, of course."

Gabrielle: "Not God, my husband."

Carlos walks in.

Carlos: "Gaby, what are you doing here?"

Gabrielle: "I was just about to ask you the same thing. You were supposed to meet me at the spa."

Carlos: "I was just helping Sister Mary with the mailings for the fund-raiser. The church is about to send a relief team to Botswana to help with the drought."

Gabrielle: "That's your excuse? We missed side-by-side water massages. I had to book them weeks in advance."

Carlos: "Okay, you missed a massage. It's unfortunate, but there are people dying in Botswana."

Gabrielle: "There are going to be people dying in this church if you don't wipe that patronizing look off your face!"

Carlos: "What is your problem?"

Gabrielle: "Sister Mary, will you excuse us, please?"

Sister Mary: "Certainly."

Sister Mary leaves

Gabrielle: "We are supposed to be working on our marriage, Carlos, but we can't do that as long as our lady of perpetual stick-up-her-butt has you worrying about thirsty orphans."

Carlos: "You're blaming Sister Mary for the tension in our marriage?"

Gabrielle: "She wants us fighting. She wants you to get tired of me and walk out so she can have you all to herself."

Carlos: "That's crazy. She's a nun."

Gabrielle: "She may wear a habit and the beads, but at the end of the day, she is still a woman, just like me, and I know what I'm capable of."

Carlos: "She is a woman, but she is nothing like you."

Carlos walks away.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, where are you going? Carlos!"

Gabrielle walks toward the door and passes Sister Mary.

Sister Mary: "You look tense, Gabrielle. Perhaps you should think about getting a massage."

Police Station

Addison is on the phone.

Addison: "Hi, Susan, it's Addison. Are you there?"

Susan ( on the phone ): "Hi. Hi, yeah, I'm here."

Addison: "Good. You're home."

Susan: "Uh-huh. What's up?"

Addison: "You know you were saying you wanted to be part of my life?"

Susan: "Yeah."

Addison: "I'm at the police station. I need you to come bail me out."

Later, Susan comes to pick up Addison.

Susan: "Solicitation? You were arrested for solicitation?"

Addison: "It was entrapment. I'm the victim here."

Susan: "But you were with a prostitute."

Addison: "Apparently not. I asked her three times--"are you a cop?" They gotta tell you, but she didn't say "boo." I thought this was America!"

Susan: "Addison, you just got caught paying for s*x. Now is not the time to wrap yourself in the flag."

Addison: "Don't give me that look. It wasn't my fault."

Susan: "I'm sorry. How is trying to pick up a hooker not your fault?"

Addison: "I was at the store, I was working on my computer and then, you know, they have these ads? They pop up on the screen and they ask if you want to have a hot date. Well, it gets a fellow worked up."

Susan: "Can't you just go home and have s*x with your wife like a normal person?"

Addison: "She's a sixty-eight-year-old woman. That bell stopped ringing for me years ago."

Susan: "Oh, my god. Stop. Right now. I'm gonna go pay this thing."

Addison's House

Susan's car pulls up to the curb.

Addison: "So, uh, am I off the hook now?"

Susan: "What?"

Addison: "This whole father-daughter thing. We're done, right?"

Susan: "Thursday, coffee at two. Be on time."

Addison: "Don't take this the wrong way, but are you dim?"

Susan: "Okay, I didn't exactly love what I found out about you today, but the goal was to learn, not to judge."

Addison: "I bring the coffee. That crap you made burnt a hole in my stomach."

Addison gets out and walks up the street. Carol is in a parked car across the street, watching him. She watches Susan pull away and writes down her license number.

Church Recreation Room

Sister Mary is talking to an audience.

Sister Mary: "This is Tunde. He lost both his parents to this drought. In fact, water is always scarce in Botswana. The national currency is called the Pula or raindrop..."

Father Crowley walks up to Gabrielle standing in the back of the room.

Father Crowley: "Hello, Gabrielle. What brings you here?"

Gabrielle: "I'm concerned about the drought in Kenya."

Father Crowley: "Botswana."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, and you?"

Father Crowley: "Well, I'm organizing this relief trip. We leave in a week."

Gabrielle: "Well, Bon Voyage, Father."

Father Crowley: "I'm not going myself. We had to scale back our relief efforts this year. Even had to cut a few of the aid workers from the trip. Sister Mary, Sister Greta were so disappointed."

Sister Mary passes out flyers to the audience

Sister Mary: "If you just want to hand some of those back..."

Gabrielle: "Sister Mary was going on the trip?"

Father Crowley: "Well, Sister Mary always goes for at least a few months, but when our funding came up short, she graciously offered to step aside, said there's plenty of God's work to do here."

Sister Mary drops some paperwork at Carlos' feet. He helps her pick them up as Gabrielle looks on.

Sister Mary: "Thank you, Carlos. Appreciate it."

Gabrielle watches as Sister Mary pats Carlos gently on the arm.

Gabrielle: "I bet she did. How much cash are you short, Father?"

In the audience, Carlos smiles at Sister Mary as she speaks.

Sister Mary: "We plan to set up a modern system of irrigation."

Father Crowley approaches Sister Mary.

Father Crowley: "I'm sorry to interrupt Sister Mary, but I have an announcement. I have just received a donation of eight thousand dollars, which means that Sister Mary and Sister Greta will be able to join our relief trip to Botswana. It just goes to show angels are everywhere."

He winks at Gabrielle. Sister Mary sees this.

Advertising Agency

Fran walks in pushing a stroller.

Fran: "Hi. I'm here to see Lynette Scavo."

Lynette: "Oh, hi. Excuse me. Hi. I'm Lynette. You must be Fran."

Fran: "Yeah, hi. Ed said you needed to talk to me. I couldn't imagine about what."

Lynette: "Oh, well, come on in my office."


Lynette's Office

Fran: "You want me to put my daughter in day care? But I'm a stay-at-home mom."

Lynette: "I'm not suggesting that you sign her up for all day. Maybe just a couple of hours in the afternoon. Wouldn't that be great? Have some time to yourself, relax, unwind?"

Fran: "I don't need to unwind. I love taking care of little Mindy."

Lynette: "Oh, of course, of course, but we all have days when we're starting to lose it. Wouldn't it be nice to have some place to take her before you want to strangle her?"

Fran: "I cherish every moment I spend with her, truly."

Lynette: "Really? Yeah. Look, I'm gonna level with you. Parcher and Murphy can't have a day care center unless we have at least sixteen kids and without little Mindy, we only have fifteen."

Fran: "Well, that's not my problem."

Lynette: "Okay. Okay. I just thought I'd give it a shot."

Fran: "Well, I wish I could help you, but I can't."

Lynette: "Okay."

Fran: "Lynette."

Lynette: "Yeah."

Fran: "Can I ask you something?"

Lynette: "Yeah."

Fran: "Why did you have kids if you weren't gonna raise them?"

Lynette: "Excuse me?"

Fran: "Well, I just don't understand women who say they want to be mothers, but then hand their kids over to glorified babysitters."

Lynette: "I work because my family needs me to."

Fran: "Oh, dear, I've upset you, and that wasn't my intention."

Lynette: "I bet. Make no mistake, I'm a good mother."

Fran: "That's the difference between us. I couldn't settle for being a good mother. I want to be a great one. Bye-bye."

Lynette: "Bye-bye."

Susan's House - Outside, Morning

Alberta, walking her cat, is frozen as she stares at Susan's garage door. The word "whore" is painted on her white garage door in red. Susan walks out to get her morning paper.

Susan: "Oh, hi, Alberta. How are you? Were you the one that sent out those neighborhood watch pamphlets? I was wondering if maybe you had any extra copies. Or I'll just borrow one from somebody else. Thanks."

Alberta walks away. Susan turns and sees the word written on her garage door.

Later, Addison and Susan are looking at the door.

Addison: "Yep, looks like Carol's penmanship."

Susan: "This is ridiculous. What does she think, we're having an affair?"

Addison: "Well, she probably saw you drop me off yesterday, and she assumed the worst."

Susan: "Well, now you're gonna have to tell her the truth."

Addison: "Oh, no, no, no. I'd catch holy hell."

Susan: "Oh, so you want me to catch it for you? I mean, you, yourself, said she's crazy. I don't want to wake up tomorrow morning and find my tires slashed."

Addison: "All right. I'll talk to her."

Edie drives by in her convertible. She stops in front of Susan's garage.

Susan: "Hello, Edie. Do you have something you'd like to say?"

Edie: "No. That pretty much says it all."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle walks in. Sister Mary and Carlos are sitting on the couch.

Gabrielle: "Sister Mary, what a lovely surprise."

Sister Mary: "Well, I couldn't leave without saying good-bye, Gabrielle."

Gabrielle: "Oh, that's so sweet. I'm really gonna miss you."

Sister Mary: "I'm sure not half as much as you're gonna miss your husband."

Gabrielle: "Huh?"

Carlos: "Don't freak out. I'm going to Botswana."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "Sister Mary needs a companion."

Gabrielle: "What happened to Sister Greta?"

Sister Mary: "I was gonna go with Sister Greta, but the region is so volatile, I decided I'd feel much safer with a male companion."

Gabrielle: "Carlos, you can't do this. You can't just go to Africa."

Carlos: "Honey, I'm only gonna be gone for two months. This journey is important for me. I want to be one of God's soldiers."

Sister Mary: "And you will be one, Carlos. After you see the devastation over there, you're never the same. You see how selfish your old life is and you just want to get rid of everything that reminds you of it. Oh, gosh. I should get going and start packing. We leave in less than a week."

Carlos: "I should probably send a thank you letter to my parole officer. He's being a real mensch about this."

Carlos walks out and goes upstairs.

Gabrielle: "I may be a Catholic, but I am so not above slapping a nun."

Sister Mary: "Go ahead. Do it. Just make sure you hit hard enough to leave a mark. Yeah. I didn't think so."

Advertising Agency

Lynette is talking on the phone.

Lynette: "Kiss the kids good night and I'll see them in the morning. Okay, yeah. I love you, too. Bye-bye."

She hangs up the phone.

Ed: "I'm sorry about the day care thing, Lynette, but Fran hardly ever lets me hold the kid. You know, since day one, all I ever got was, "support the head, support the head." I think I know how to support a damn baby head. Oh, let's just, let's just do this. I don't want to be here all night."

Lynette: "You're Mindy's father. You have a right to spend time with her."

Ed: "I know, but what can I do?"

Lynette: "You could stand up to Fran. If you don't, you'll just become more resentful, she'll get nuttier. And without a father figure, poor Mindy will grow up to be a stripper."

Ed: "A stripper?"

Lynette: "There's science to back that up."

Ed: "You know what? You go ahead and push the button on this day care thing, Lynette, and count Mindy in. Yeah, I'll handle Fran."

Lynette: "You're doing the right thing, Ed, for little Mindy."

Bree's House - Nighttime

Justin and Andrew are lying on Andrew's bed, playing video games. Andrew tries to kiss Justin.

Justin: "Dude, what if your mom walks in?"

Andrew: "She won't."

Justin: "You don't know that. Just wait 'till everybody's asleep. Seriously. I'll make it worth your while."

Andrew: "You better. I wish she would walk in on us, just to see the expression on her face. God, I hate her so much."

Justin: "Still, though, she's your mother. Don't you sort of have to love her?"

Andrew: "Last year, when she found out that I like guys, she freaked out. She said that if I didn't change, I'd be going straight to hell, so since I knew that I couldn't change, it suddenly hit me that one day, my own mother was gonna stop loving me, so I decided to stop loving her first. That way, it wouldn't hurt so bad."

Justin: "She didn't know what she was saying."

Andrew: "Yes, she did, so now she's got to be punished."

Justin: "How are you gonna punish her?"

Andrew: "One day, she'll slip up, and I'll have something against her and when that happens, I'm gonna take her down so hard, she'll never get back up."

Justin: "It may take you a while to get something on her."

Andrew: "That's okay. I don't mind waiting for the things that I want."

Advertising Agency

Ed walks in carrying a toddler.

Ed: "Lynette, hey, hey. Look who's here."

Lynette: "Hey! You know, the day care room won't be ready until next week at the earliest."

Ed: "If I had waited, I might have lost my nerve. I had a window. Fran was in the shower, so I just grabbed the baby and ran."

Lynette: "You took the baby without telling Fran?"

Ed: "I refuse to be bullied by that woman. You were right. Mindy is my daughter/ I wanted to spend time with her. I have that right."

Pat: "Um, Ed, the lobby just called and your wife's on her way up and she seems pretty angry."

Ed: "Oh, man. Here. Hold Mindy."

Lynette: "Oh."

Ed: "Let me handle this."

Lynette: "Oh, I was planning to."

The elevator door opens. An angry Fran comes out.

Fran: "I thought Mindy had been kidnapped!"

Ed: "I left a sticky note."

Fran: "I wasn't looking for a sticky note, Ed! I was looking for my missing child!"

Ed: "She's my child, too, and she's staying here, just a few hours a day."

Fran: "You, give her to me."

Ed: "No, I made a decision."

Fran: "Yeah? Okay, watch me make a decision. I'm done with this marriage. I'm taking my baby and I'm getting on a plane to Pittsburgh."

Ed: "You wouldn't dare!"

Fran: "You think you miss Mindy now, wait till we're living with my mother!"

Ed: "I'll fight you on this."

Fran: "Yeah? Try me."

"As Lynette saw her dreams of day care about to board a plane to Pittsburgh..."

Lynette walks toward her office with the baby.

Ed: "You're crazy, you know that?!"

Fran: "Yeah! I'm crazy to think that you understand..."

"...she decided this flight would have to be grounded."

Lynette goes into her office and locks the door.

Fran: "You don't scare me. Oh. Oh! What the hell is she doing?"

She sees Lynette locked in the office with her baby.

Fran: "Open up! Give me my baby!"

Ed: "Good thinking, Lynette!"

Lynette: "I am not on your side, Ed"

Ed: "You're not?"

Lynette: "No, I am on Mindy's side. She is the one caught in the middle, and I'm not letting you two have her until you calm down."

Fran: "I want my damn child.

Pat: "Lynette, I have Tom on line two."

Lynette: "Pat, can you see here I'm holding a baby hostage? I will call back!"

Fran gets out her cell phone.

Fran: "All right, that's it. I'm calling the police."

Ed: "Oh, for god's sakes! Lynette's not going to hurt the baby!"

Lynette: "No, and you're gonna get her back a whole lot faster if you will just listen to me. Okay? Listen, and you? All right, good. So, first of all, Ed, stealing the baby was really stupid."

Fran: "Thank you."

Lynette: "You're welcome. You need to find a better way to communicate with your wife. And, Fran, I know what the pressure of trying to be a super parent does to your head. You can take a break and be a great mom. Doesn't this little sweetheart deserve a well-rested mommy?"

Fran: "Well, I guess the pressure does get to me a little."

Ed: "And it's okay to admit that."

Lynette: "This is communication. This is good. Why don't you guys go down to the lobby, talk it out over some coffee?"

Fran: "Uh, what about Mindy?"

Lynette: "We've got day care!"

Fran and Ed leave. Lynette looks at Mindy.

Lynette: "We've got day care!"

Meadowside Psychiatric Hospital

Betty approaches the nurse's station. She sees Caleb sitting on a couch in a day room.

Betty: "Hi. I called earlier from the spiritual outreach program?"

Nurse Delany: "Hi. Piano player, right? This is so generous of you. There it is. It's not exactly a concert grand. I should warn you, on the whole, our patients are generally unresponsive, so I hope you don't expect a lot of clapping."

Betty: "Miss Delany, I find when the spiritual rewards are this great, who needs applause?"

Nurse Delany: "Excuse me."

The nurse goes back to her paperwork.

Grocery Store

Susan is doing her shopping. Carol comes around the corner to where Susan is.

Susan: "Did Addison talk to you about me?"

Carol begins throwing the groceries at Susan.

Susan: "Oh! I guess not."

Carol: "He's a married man! What's wrong with you?"

Susan: "No, wait! Wait! It's not what you think!"

Carol: "He hasn't touched me for three years because of, of sluts like you!"

Susan: "Carol, if you would just stop throwing things at me, I'll explain!"

Carol: "How, how can you explain? You're screwing my husband!"

Susan: "No, I'm not screwing him! He's my father!"

Susan bends over, protecting herself. Carol stops, dropping a bag of beans on the ground, which spill open.

Susan: "I'm so sorry. I thought you should know, but he didn't want to tell you."

Carol: "I want to die."

Susan: "Oh, no."

Carol: "I do."

Susan: "Oh, Carol, you don't have to clean that up. They have clerks for that."

Carol: "How old are you?"

Susan: "Thirty-eight."

Carol: "We've been married thirty-nine years. It's been going on from the start."

Susan: "Believe me, I didn't want to hurt anyone. I just wanted to find my dad."

Carol: "I'm glad you did, but you be careful, sweetheart. He's gonna break your heart."

Carol walks away.

Bree's House

Bree and Andrew are in the kitchen.

Bree: "Andrew, I made an appointment with a therapist for you, me, and Danielle."

Andrew: "I don't think so."

Bree: "This pain that you're feeling is completely natural, but it's not gonna go away until you deal with it. Andrew, I want us to heal. I want us to be a family again."

Andrew: "You know what I want? I want for George Williams to walk through that door so I can take a knife and plunge it into his heart. I want the pharmacist to pay for what he did to my father."

Bree: "Well, the good news is he's, he's dead."

Andrew: "He committed suicide. His death was on his terms. That's not justice."

Bree: "So, are you saying if he were executed, that it would be easier for you to get past this?"

Andrew: "Of course."

Bree: "George didn't intend to commit suicide. He was trying to manipulate me into taking him back and he swallowed those pills hoping that I'd feel sorry for him. He just assumed that I would call an ambulance. When I got there, he was already slipping away. I tried to get him to accept responsibility for what he'd done, but he wouldn't."

Andrew: "So what'd you do?"

Bree: "Nothing. I just sat there and let him die."

Andrew: "Oh, my god."

Bree: "He didn't die on his terms, Andrew. He paid for what he did to your father."

Andrew hugs Bree.

Andrew: "Thank you for telling me this."

Meadowside Psychiatric Hospital Parking Lot

Monroe is sitting in his car with the picture of Caleb on the seat next to him. He pulls out a syringe and fills it.

Meadowside Psychiatric Hospital

Monroe, dressed in scrubs, is pushing a wheelchair around. He passes by another orderly.

Monroe: "Hey, how you doin'?"

He looks at the name register and sees John Doe is in Room 614. He walks into Room 614 and pulls out the syringe, looking around as he enters the room, only to find the room empty. He walks toward the day room where Betty is playing the piano. He sees Caleb in the back with a man in a coat and cap standing behind him. The man approaches Caleb, takes off the hat and coat, and puts it on Caleb. Matthew walks Caleb out of the day room as Monroe watches them pass. He follows.

Mike's House

Paul goes to the door just as Mike is coming out.

Mike: "Yeah?"

Paul: "Zach's come home."

Mike: "What? Is he okay?"

Paul: "He's fine."

Mike: "Is there anything I can do?"

Paul: "Thanks for asking. You can leave us alone."

Mike: "I spent a lot of time looking for Zach and you know why."

Paul: "Maybe I'm not making myself clear. You come near my son, I'll go to the police. I'll tell them what happened out in that quarry."

Mike: "You do that and we'll both go down."

Paul: "Well, you know I'm capable of almost anything. Hey, I thought you'd like to know Zach and I are moving away. I want to give my son a shot at a normal life. I'm sure you'll agree it's for the best."

Mike: "Now see, this is where you and I don't see eye-to-eye. For Zach's sake, I'll keep quiet, for now, but you're not taking him away. If I see a "for sale" sign in front of that house, I'll call the police. I'm capable of pretty much anything myself."

Fairview County Hospital

Nurse hands Carlos forms on a clipboad for him to fill out. Gabrielle is sitting next to him reading a magazine.

Nurse: "The doctor's going to give you a full work-up, then we'll start the inoculations. Make sure you fill out everything and the nurse will take you back."

Carlos: "Thank you."

Gabrielle: "Boy, Sister Mary's done a number on you."

Carlos: "Right."

Gabrielle: "Yes, right. She has you flying halfway across the world to help the poor and there's perfectly good poor right here. For god's sakes, give a buck to a homeless guy."

Carlos: "It's not the same."

Gabrielle: "No, it's better because you can do it in the comfort of your own car."

Carlos: "The point is not to be comfortable, Gaby. It's about easing pain and suffering. Look, I'm trying to be a better person here. Now you can either help me or you can get out of the way, but you can't stop me."

Nurse: "Carlos Solis? Come with me, please."

Carlos: "Finish that for me."

Carlos hands the clipboard to Gabrielle and gets up. Gabrielle gets up and gives the clipboard to the nurse and the nurse's station.

Gabrielle: "Here."

Nurse: "He didn't fill out the allergy section. "

Gabrielle: "Honey, he's going to a remote village in Africa. Does it really matter that he's allergic to eggs?"

Nurse: "Actually, yes. Eggs are on the list. He could have a severe reaction to the yellow fever vaccine, and he won't be getting out of bed, let alone leaving the country."

Gabrielle: "Really? Oh, don't write that down. I wasn't being specific. He's allergic to fish eggs."

Nurse: "Fish eggs?"

Gabrielle: "Poor baby's gone his whole life without caviar. Now that's suffering."

Doctor's Office

Carlos is sitting with his shirt off as Gabrielle watches.

Carlos: "All right, Doc, give me all you got."

Gabrielle's House

Carlos is lying on the bed, delirious.

Carlos: "It's so hot in this village."

Gabrielle: "Baby, that's the fever talking. The doctor said you're having an allergic reaction, but you're gonna be fine, okay?"

Carlos: "Hold me."

Gabrielle: "Oh, honey. I'm so sorry. Oh, maybe that stupid nun is right. Maybe I am trying to stop you from becoming a better person. It's just that I love you the way you are, greedy, selfish, and insensitive. I'm just scared if you're not those things anymore, you're gonna wake up one day and realize I still am, and then you won't want me."

Carlos: "I want you. Just hold me."

Gabrielle: "Oh, Carlos."

Carlos: "Hold me, Sister Mary."

Susan's House - Outside

Susan is painting the garage door.

Addison: "Painting in the rain? Is that smart?"

Susan: "Well, let me see. Painting in the rain or letting the whole world think I'm a whore? I don't know. What do you think?"

Addison: "Heard you ran into my wife."

Susan: "Yep."

Addison: "So?"

Susan: "So, you are hereby released of any further obligation to be my dad."

Addison: "Okay. Just so you know, I'm not actually proud of what I've done. You know, my hobbies."

Susan: "Good for you. Bye."

Addison: "I have done things I'm proud of. I could give you five examples right now. Okay, maybe three."

Susan: "You don't have to do this."

Addison: "I was a volunteer fireman. I, uh, put out fires, I got kittens out of trees, the whole nine yards."

Susan: "Sweet."

Addison: "About twenty years ago, I started a foundation to protect wild horses. I probably saved hundreds of them."

Susan: "Really?"

Addison: "I'm full of surprises."

Susan: "Okay, one more."

Addison: "I wasn't exactly thrilled when you walked back into my life. Now that I've met you, well, you gave me a third thing to be proud of."

Susan: "That was a good one."

Addison: "That's why I saved it for last. I have to spend some time working on my marriage. When that's all sorted out, maybe we could continue with the catching up?"

Susan: "I'll wait for your call."

Addison walks off.

"The stories are as old as time itself."

Paul's House

"The prodigal son who returns home to the father who forgives him."

Paul watches lovingly as Zach plays the guitar.

Gabrielle's House

"The jealous wife who tricks the husband who trusts her..."

Gabrielle gently wipes Carlos' forehead as they lie on the bed.

Betty's House

"The desperate mother who risks everything for the child who needs her."

Betty covers a sleeping Caleb with a blanket.

Addison's House

"And the faithless husband who hurts the wife who loves him so deeply."

Addison walks out of the door with keys in hand. He looks at Carol, who is watering the plants.

Bree's House - Outside

"Why do we listen again and again?"

Bree is gardening while Andrew watches her.

"Because these are the stories of family, and once we look past the fighting, pain and the resentment"

Advertising Agency Day Care Center

Lynette walks in.

"We occasionally like to remind ourselves...there is absolutely nothing more important."

Lynette picks up Penny and hugs her.

Lynette: "Hi, bunny, bunny. Hi."

Bree is hosting a dinner party. As Bree checks the table with food on it, a couple in the background are kissing.

"Kisses are such simple things, we hardly notice them."

Bree walks around her home, ensuring her guests are all having a good time.

"But if we paid more attention, we'd see that each kiss conveys a meaning all its own. For example, some can say, I'm so happy to see you."

Bree kisses the cheeks of newly arriving guests.

"Or, I didn't realize you'd be here."

Two women guests air kiss each other, then wave goodbye.

Female Guest #1: "Bye."

"Or honey, it's time to stop drinking."

Two male guests drink and laughing. A wife approaches one of the men and casually removes the drink from his hand, then leans in to kiss him.

"The trick is in knowing how to tell the difference."

In the kitchen, Gabrielle, Edie, Bree, Tom, and Karl are standing around the counter talking and laughing.

Gabrielle: "So, I finally said, if I'm head cheerleader, then nobody wears panties."

Tom: "Yeah! I just want you to know as a former member of my high school marching band, I would've appreciated that."

Edie: "Wait a second, you were a band geek? Oh, I don't believe it."

Lynette joins them and stands next to Tom.

Gabrielle: "What did you play?"

Lynette: "He played the tuba. I have pictures."

Gabrielle: "The tuba, huh?"

Tom: "Yeah, go ahead, come on, come on, get your licks in, go ahead."

Gabrielle: "No, no, not at all. As a matter of fact, all of my secret crushes were on the band geeks."

Tom: "Come on, I know you cheerleader types. You wouldn't have said "boo" to guys like me. No, you were more interested in the guys like, like this."

He points to Karl.

Tom: "Now, I take it you didn't play the tuba."

Karl: "No, I didn't."

Tom: "All I know is, I was a lonely, insecure tuba player. Girls like Gabrielle would just rip my heart out."

Edie: "Aw."

Tom: "I didn't even had my first kiss until I was eighteen."

Karl: "Eighteen?"

Tom: "Pathetic, I know."

Gabrielle: "Poor baby. I would've kissed you."

Tom: "No, you wouldn't have."

Gabrielle: "Yes, I would have."

Tom: "No, you wouldn't have. And it's okay, Gaby. Those scars healed a long time ago."

Gabrielle: "Oh, for god sakes, come here. Now on behalf of all the cheerleaders in the world, forgive us."

Gabrielle holds Toms face in her hands and gives Tom a long kiss. Karl applauds and Edie cheers.

"Yes, kisses mean different things to different people."

Gabrielle lets go of Tom and he falls off his chair. The crowd laughs and cheers.

"Ultimately, the meaning depends on the one who does the kissing..."

Lynette looks on, silent. The crowd continues to cheer.

Karl: "Wowie."

Edie: "Cheers."

"And the who sees it happen."

Opening Credits

Bree's House - Nighttime

Bree says goodbye to the last of her guests.

"After every party comes the time for cleaning. We attend to the champagne that was spilled..."

Bree sees a glass of champagne tipped over onto her table. She wipes it up quickly.

"...the knickknacks that got broken..."

Edie sweeps up a broken vase on the floor.

"...the food that went uneaten..."

Lynette cleans up the dining room table and carries some trays into the kitchen where Gabrielle is washing dishes.

Gabrielle: "Oh, here, let me take that."

"...and whatever other messes need cleaning up."

Lynette: "So, uh, Gaby, you know that thing you and Tom did tonight? The, the kiss?"

Gabrielle: "Was that hysterical? The look on Tom's face!"

Lynette: "Yeah. I know this sounds silly, but, it kind of bugged me."

Gabrielle: "You're not serious."

Lynette: "Yeah, I am. I don't, I don't want to make a big deal out of it, but, uh, could you maybe not do that again?"

Gabrielle: "Okay."

Lynette: "Thanks. Okay."

Lynette pats Gabrielles arm. Susan, Edie and Bree enter the kitchen.

Susan: "Hey, what happened to the Applewhites? I thought you were gonna invite them."

Bree: "I did. Betty never R.S.V.P.'d."

Edie: "What do you guys think about the Applewhites?"

Susan: "I like 'em, very nice. Very..."

Bree: "interesting."

Susan: "Right, interesting."

Edie: "Hmm, they weird me out, too."

Susan: "Well, that's not what we're saying."

Bree: "Not exactly, anyway."

Gabrielle suddenly turns to Lynette standing next to her.

Gabrielle: "You know, we were just having fun, entertaining the crowd."

Lynette: "Oh, sure, but maybe next time you could try juggling instead."

Edie: "What's going on?"

Gabrielle: "Nothing."

Edie: "Really? I sense a little tension."

Lynette: "No, no tension." (to Gabrielle) "What?"

Gabrielle: "You make it sound like I was making a pass at your husband. And that's just a little bit insulting."

Lynette: "I just said it bugged me. Why is that a problem?"

Edie: "Is this about that kiss?"

Susan: "What kiss?"

Edie: "Oh, you were in the living room. Gaby planted a big, wet kiss on Tom as a joke. It was hilarious."

Gabrielle: "You see?"

Bree: "Yeah, but to be fair to Lynette, you are an ex-model. And surely it must have dawned on you that some women might prefer it if you didn't kiss their husbands."

Lynette: "That's all I'm saying."

Susan: "Oh, you guys, we're all friends. This isn't something to get worked up over."

Gabrielle: "I'm not worked up."

Lynette: "Me neither."

Edie: "Hey, everyone, did you see what Kathy Lewis was wearing tonight? And whoever told her that she could get away with those vertical stripes should be shot."

Outside Bree's House - Nighttime

Bree kisses Susan goodbye.

Bree: "Oh. Bye, sweetie."

Susan begins walking home. She looks over at Pauls house and sees Zach putting the trash out. Zach waves and Susan waves back. Susan runs over to Mikes house and knocks on the door. Mike answers.

Susan: "Zach is back!"

Mike: "Yeah, yeah, I know."

Susan: "You do?"

Mike: "Yeah, he's been back for a couple of days now."

Susan: "Well, that's great, isn't it?"

Mike: "Yeah."

Susan: "I thought you'd be happy about it. I thought that's what you wanted."

Mike: "I was hoping that I'd slowly establish a relationship with Zach and then when we were comfortable, I'd tell him I was his real dad. But now Paul's back."

Susan: "And he doesn't want you anywhere near him."

Mike: "He's threatened to tell the police everything that happened in the desert, that I held a gun to his head."

Susan: "Well, it's your word against his."

Mike: "But he doesn't have a record and I do."

Susan: "You know, despite what I did, sending Zach away, I want you two to connect. I hope you know that."

Mike: "I do. And on the bright side, I don't have to wonder where he is anymore."

Paul's House - Nighttime

Paul is reading some paperwork with a bunch of books on the counter in front of him. Zach is putting a new trash bag into the trash can.

Paul: "It says that you can do a report on anything from the suggested reading list, which includes The Old Man and The Sea, The Pearl, Much Ado About Nothing. Hmm. That sounds good. What do you like?"

Zach: "I don't care."

Paul: "Let's start with The Pearl. It's got a sad ending, but it's good. We'll start with that. You know, it's not gonna be so bad. I think youre really gonna like being home schooled. Okay, I know this isn't what you want. But I need to keep you close to me just for a while. There are people in this neighborhood who aren't thrilled that we're back. People I don't trust."

Zach: "People like Mike Delfino?"

Paul: "Why would you say that?"

Zach: "When you disappeared, Mrs. Tilman said that Mike took you somewhere to kill you."

Paul: "That's ridiculous. Why would Mike wanna kill me?"

Zach: "Because you murdered Mrs. Huber?"

Paul: "What did you say?"

Zach: "Well, Mrs. Tilman said that you murdered Mrs. Huber because she was blackmailing mom."

Paul: "And you believed her?"

Zach: "No, not exactly. I mean, why? Should I?"

Paul: "Zach, you know me better than anyone. Do you honestly believe that I am capable of murder?"

Zach: "No."

Paul: "All right, then."

Zach: "Of course, I didn't think mom was capable of suicide, either."

Paul: "On second thought, why don't we start with Much Ado About Nothing? I think we could use a few laughs around here."

Bree's Front Yard - Nighttime

Andrew is saying goodnight to Justin while Bree watches out the window.

Andrew: "Yeah, man, yeah, he sure is. I just, probably."

Justin: "Yeah."

Andrew kisses Justin passionately. Bree snaps the glass she is holding.

Bree's House

Bree is on the couch. She pours herself a large glass of wine and drinks. Andrew walks in.

Andrew: "Hey."

Bree: "Get over here. Now."

Andrew: "Somebody's angry. Did one of your souffls fall?"

Bree: "I saw what you did with your friend."

Andrew: "Oh, and you didn't turn into a pillar of salt. Good for you."

Bree: "This is not a joke, Andrew. What if the neighbors had seen you?"

Andrew: "Well, I'd hope they'd think that I'd landed a hottie."

Bree: "I may not be able to control what you do outside of this home, but while you are under this roof, you will not mock my values. If you so much as smile at that boy, so help me, I will ship you off to Camp Hennessey and I will not pick you up again until you are eighteen. Do I make myself clear?"

Bree starts walking up stairs. Andrew holds up the wine bottle.

Andrew: "Aren't you forgetting something? I know you like to knock a few back before bedtime. Go on, take it. It's okay. We both know that of the two of us, I'm the one that doesn't judge."

Betty's Basement

Matthew places a tray outside of Calebs locked room. He begins closing the door to lock Caleb in.

Caleb: "Please. I don't wanna stay down here."

Matthew: "I, I know. I'm sorry, K. I'm sorry."

Matthew closes and locks the door. Betty comes downstairs.

Betty: "Matthew, I think we might have termites. You need to take a look at those steps before one of us breaks our neck. What's the matter? Is your brother okay?"

Matthew: "No, he's not. He hates it down here. He wants to be with us. You're being cruel."

Betty: "If you are so concerned about him, you should spend less time on your computer and more time down here keeping him company."

Caleb listens through the door.

Betty: "We're bringing him up, but not until I am sure that it's safe."

Outside Betty's House - Daytime

A car is parked with the radio playing loudly. Monroe sits inside and uses his inhaler. He picks up a clipboard and looks at it.

Edie jogs by. She slows down, then knocks on the car window.

Edie: "Hey, you!"

Monroe: "Yeah?"

Edie: "What's the deal? You've been parked on our street for two hours."

Monroe: "Oh, I'm doing a property appraisal. Some neighbors of yours are thinking about moving."

Edie: "The Applewhites?"

Monroe: "I'm not really allowed to say."

Edie: "I sold them that house. You know, this is my turf! Who do you work for? Geist Realty? Ah, Westside Properties. Yeah, well, whoever it is, you go back and you tell your bosses that nobody and I mean, nobody, buys or sells properties in this neighborhood without going through Edie Britt, you got that?"

Monroe: "Look, lady I just go where I'm told."

Edie: "You look, you cross me, and I will be your worst nightmare. I'm a dangerous woman. You don't wanna mess with me."

Monroe: "You got it."

Edie jogs away. Monroe picks up the newspaper on the seat next to him. Under the paper is an automatic.

Outside Susan's House - Daytime

Julie and Susan are getting out the her car as Zach approaches.

Zach: "Ms. Mayer."

Susan: "Zach."

Zach: "May I talk to you? I have some things that I need to say."

Susan: "Okay."

Zach: "I, I know that I did a lot of bad stuff, stuff that I'm not gonna be able to take back. Ms. Mayer, I'm, I'm really sorry. But when I was living on the streets, you know, I had a lot of time to, to just sit and think to myself and clear my head and, I've grown up, you know? I don't want you to worry. I'm not gonna be bothering you anymore. Either of you."

Susan: "Well, thanks. We appreciate that."

Zach: "Please don't tell my dad that I talked to you. He's just, he's been really intense lately."

Zach walks away.

Susan: "Well, what do you think?"

Julie: "He seems different. I believe him."

Susan: "Yeah, I can't believe I'm about to say this, but I feel sorry for him. It's like he's so fragile."

Julie: "I know, and he's locked in that house with Mr. Creepy twenty-four seven. Did you know that he's home schooling Zach now?"

Susan: "I think he should spend some time with a decent role model, don't you?"

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Lynette and Bree drive up to each other from opposite directions. They stop in the middle of the street to talk.

Bree: "Hi!"

Lynette: "Hey, you're out early."

Bree: "Oh, I just wanted to pick up some fresh croissants for breakfast."

Lynette: "Oh, cool. Listen, I just wanted you to know I appreciated you backing me up last night, you know, with the kiss thing."

Bree: "To be honest, I don't think I would've liked it, either."

Lynette: "Yeah, but I probably should've just gone with it. Gaby was just being Gaby, having fun."

Bree: "No, I wouldn't be so hard on yourself, given her history."

Lynette: "What do you mean?"

Bree: "You know, the affair."

Lynette: "Gaby had an affair?"

Bree: "You didn't know?"

Lynette: "No!"

Bree: "I thought everybody knew. Oh, I feel awful."

Ida Greenberg pulls up behind Lynettes car.

Bree: "Oh, Ida Greenberg's behind you."

Lynette ( calling out to Ida ): "Ida, just a second." (to Bree) "I am stunned. Who was it with?"

Bree: "I shouldn't have said anything."

Lynette: "Bree, come on, just tell me."

Ida honks.

Bree: "Her gardener."

Lynette looks into Gabrielles yard. An overweight garderner with his shirt off is trimming the hedge.

Lynette: "Oh, you're kidding!"

Bree: "No, no, not him. Helen Rowland's son, John."

Lynette: "The teenager?"

Ida honks again.

Lynette ( to Ida ): "Ida, wait, or go around!" (to Bree) "Does Gaby know that you know?"

Bree: "Absolutely not. I think the best thing to do is just smile and pretend you don't know anything."

Ida backs up and passes Lynette on the right, going onto the curb. Ida stares angrily at Lynette as she passes.

Mike's Driveway - Daytime

Mike is under his car working on it. Susan and Julie approach. Susan peeks underneath the car.

Susan: "Hi."

A startled Mike hits his head on the bottom of the car.

Susan: "Oh, sorry!"

Julie: "Are you okay?"

Mike rolls out from beneath the car.

Mike: "Yeah. I'm all right. What's up?"

Susan: "We have an idea how to bring you and Zach together. Bowling."

Mike: "Bowling."

Julie: "Yeah, I e-mailed Zach, and he said he's gonna meet us there. You can come, too."

Mike: "Does Paul know about this?"

Susan: "No, and we're not planning on telling him."

Mike: "I don't think that's a good idea, Susan."

Susan: "Mike, I'm part of the reason things got so screwed up. I just want a chance to make things right."

Mike: "And you're okay with this, being around Zach?"

Julie: "We talked to him. He's changed."

Mike: "Well, I guess we're going bowling."

Bree's House

Bree is carrying a breakfast tray to Andrews room.

Bree: "Wake up, sleepyhead. I brought fresh croissants for breakfast!"

Bree enters and finds Andrew and Justin in bed, naked, sleeping. Bree gasps. Justin sits up.

Justin: "Uh, hi, Mrs. Van de Kamp. I'm Justin, Andrew's lab partner, from school. Dude, wake up."

Bree: "Andrew, I want you downstairs. Now."

Bree leaves the room. Andrew smiles. Downstairs, Bree is pacing. Andrew comes down.

Bree: "Okay, first of all, I want you to march back upstairs and tell your friend he is no longer welcome in this house."

Andrew: "But we haven't even had breakfast yet!"

Bree: "I am serious, Andrew. You tell him to get out of here this second or I will call the police, and I will have him removed!"

Andrew: "Well, go ahead, call 'em."

Bree: "Oh, you think I won't?"

Andrew: "I just wonder how they'll react when they find out that you killed George Williams."

Bree: "I didn't kill George."

Andrew: "Well, no, but you sat there and let him die, which, I'm no lawyer, but I'm pretty sure there's a crime in there somewhere."

Bree: "Andrew..."

Andrew: "Don't get me wrong. I mean, I'm glad you did it. But when the cops get here, my official position will be, uh, "oh, my god, I'm being raised by a homicidal maniac." I think I might even throw in a few tears."

Bree: "You would actually let the police arrest your own mother?"

Andrew: "Hey, we all gotta cut the apron strings at some point."

Andrew goes back upstairs, leaving a shocked Bree.

Lynette's Driveway - Daytime

Tom takes Penny out of the car. Gabrielle is jogging down the road. Tom tries to carry the packages, as well as Penny.

Tom: "Come on, Penny. Let's get those groceries in there. Come on. Here we go. Get this one, and this one, and daddy, uh-oh!"

He drops a bag.

Tom: "Whoa!"

Gabrielle stops to help. Penny begins to cry.

Gabrielle: "Oh! Oh, it looks like you could use a hand."

Tom: "Bless you. Here, Gaby. And Penny!"

Tom hands Penny to Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "Oh, come here, you sweet little thing."

Tom: "Well, thank you so much, Gaby. Come on in."

Lynette's House - Daytime

They enter the house.

Gabrielle: "Oh, god, um, Tom?"

Tom: "Yeah?"

Gabrielle: "Uh, I think she got sick."

Tom: "Oh, I'm so sorry. Usually, she only throws upon immediate family."

Gabrielle: "I'm honored."

Toms phone rings.

Tom: "Oh, um, do you mind just putting her in the playpen there? Hello."

Lynette ( on the phone ): "Guess what? Ed loved the pitch. I got off early!"

Tom: "You're kidding! That's great!"

Lynette: "Hey, I'm right by the supermarket. You want me to pick up anything?"

Tom: "Um, actually, I just came from there. Except, you know what? I forgot bread. Would you mind?"

Lynette: "Not at all."

Gabrielle: "Tom, I need to wipe up. Do you have a towel?"

Tom: "Sure, hold on."

Lynette hears Gabrielle.


Lynette's Driveway - Daytime

Lynette car speeds into her driveway and stops quickly. Lynette hurries out of the car and into the house. She finds Gabrielle and Tom wiping off Gabrielle's sweat shirt which she had removed.

Lynette: "Hey!"

Tom: "Hey, honey. Hey, did you get the bread?"

Lynette: "Oh, yeah, they were out."

Tom: "Of bread?"

Lynette: "Yeah. Hey, Gaby. A surprise seeing you here."

Gabrielle: "Well, I saw that Tom was overwhelmed, so I thought I'd give him a hand."

Lynette: "Really? Well, that was nice of you."

Gabrielle: "Is there a problem?"

Lynette: "No."

Gabrielle: "Really? Because I sense that you're annoyed you found me here when you weren't home. Am I wrong?"

Tom: "Lynette?"

Lynette: "Okay. Yeah. So exactly what are you doing here helping out?"

Gabrielle: "Damn it, Lynette, if this has to do with that stupid kiss the other night, I'm gonna lose it!"

Tom: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, what's going on?"

Gabrielle: "Lynette thinks I was hitting on you at Bree's party."

Tom: "That's ridiculous."

Lynette: "I never said that. What I said was it made me uncomfortable when you kissed him. It's obviously an issue for me. And yet, here you are, alone in my kitchen with my husband. So you tell me, are you hitting on him?"

Tom: "Lynette."

Gabrielle: "I can't believe you. I have done nothing to deserve this kind of mistrust."

Lynette: "Well, that's not entirely true."

Gabrielle: "What does that mean?"

Lynette: "Come on, Gaby. It's a small town. People talk."

Tom: "Okay, what's going on here?"

Gabrielle: "I'll tell you. Your wife doesn't trust me around you because I had an affair with my teenage gardener."

Tom: "Oh."

Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Carlos is putting on a miniature green set up in the living room.

Gabrielle: "So I know Susan Mayer would never tell. It must've been Helen Rowland. She probably blabbed to all the girls at the salon. And Ida Greenberg goes to that salon. So if Ida knows, the whole town knows. And we're just gonna have to move. That's all there is to it. Carlos, can you stop putting for two seconds and show me some support?"

Carlos: "What do you expect me to do? You brought this on yourself."

Gabrielle: "It was a harmless little kiss! Why is everybody making a big deal about this?"

Carlos: "Because you had an affair with an underage gardener. People don't think you're harmless. They see you as a predator."

Gabrielle: "You're enjoying this, aren't you? Punishing me, dangling the affair over my head? Well, I won't tolerate it."

Carlos: "Really? So just what are you gonna do about it?"

Gabrielle: "I'm gonna let you even the score. Carlos, go have an affair."

Carlos: "What?"

Gabrielle: "I had my little indiscretion. So you go have yours. Get it out of your system. I know you want to."

Carlos: "I do not."

Gabrielle: "Sure you do. Knock yourself out. Call up an old college flame. Rent a call girl. Fly to Africa and nail that little nun you've been drooling over. I don't care!"

Carlos: "You're crazy."

Gabrielle: "No, I'm pragmatic. Because once you finish your fling, we'll be equals again. And then you won't be able to judge me. And we can go back to being a boring, average married couple. Oh, just do me a favor. Don't bring back any diseases."

Lynette's House - Nighttime

Tom and Lynette are getting ready for bed.

Tom: "Are you sure you're not overreacting to this whole Gabrielle thing?"

Lynette: "Maybe. Yes. But Gaby doesn't think she did anything wrong. That's not right, either."

Tom: "I guess."

Lynette: "You're an attractive man. There is a primal need for a woman to protect what is hers. My initial impulse was justified."

Tom: "So you really think she's into me?"

Lynette: "I don't know."

Tom: "Because you're right. I am an attractive man. You know what? I've never told you this, but sometimes when I bend down to pick up the morning paper, I catch Bree Van de Kamp checking me out."

Lynette: "You're kidding."

Tom: "No, scout's honor. I've always exuded a certain sexual magnetism, and as I get older, I think it's only becoming more intense."

Lynette: "Are you drunk?"

Tom: "Oh, I'm a hot guy living in a neighborhood filled with nothing but lonely ladies. They can't help themselves. I'm like, catnip."

Lynette laughs and pulls Tom to her to kiss him.

Lynette: "Come here."

Tom: "What was that for?"

Lynette: "Thank you. Thank you for reminding me that I am the only woman in the whole world who could love an idiot like you. I'll talk to Gaby."

Tom: "I'm telling you, these women want me."

Lynette: "Oh, yeah."

Tom: "They see the rippling muscles underneath this t-shirt..."

Lynette: "Good night, Tom."

Tom: "They cannot resist me."

Lynette: "Shut up and go to sleep."

Outside Betty's House - Daytime

Matthew and Betty get in the car and Matthew drives away from the house. Monroe, parked in his car, gets out and walks into the Applewhite yard. He jimmys open the French doors and goes inside.

Betty's House - Daytime

Monroe comes downstairs and looks around. He goes into the kitchen and sees the basement door. He goes downstairs and sees the locked door.

Monroe: "Son of a bitch."

With bolt cutters, Monroe cuts open the locks. Caleb wakes up to the noise. Monroe opens the door and sees Caleb chained to the bed.

Monroe: "You gotta be kidding me."

Caleb is frightened by Monroe and tries to get away, but the chains prevent him from moving too far.

Monroe: "Whoa, whoa. I'm here to help you, Caleb. All right?"

Monroe points at the shackles around Calebs wrists. He approaches and unlocks them.

Caleb: "Mommy's gonna be mad."

Monroe: "Don't you worry about that. Moms love me. All right, let's go."

Caleb: "No!"

Monroe: "Okay, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have talked to you like that. Let's start over."

Monroe punches Caleb. Caleb falls over.

Later, in the living room, Monroe looks outside. He goes back to the basement door and looks down at Caleb, who's sitting at the bottom of the steps, handcuffs around his wrists.

Monroe: "Let's go."

Caleb doesn't move. Monroe pulls out a gun.

Monroe: "I'm warning you, pinhead, don't you make me come down there after you. Come on. Come on! All right, you asked for it. I'm gonna beat the stupid right out of you."

Monroe begins stomping down the stairs, but they collapse beneath him. As he falls through, his gun goes off, shooting him in the chest. He is wedged into the stair and sees the blood. He looks at the gun and realizes what happened. He passes out and drops he gun.

Later, Betty and Matthew come home and walk inside. They see Caleb sitting at the kitchen table eating ice cream.

Betty: "Caleb?"

Caleb: "I didn't do it."

Betty and Matthew go to the basement. They look downstairs and see Monroe is dead.

Betty: "Oh, dear."

Edie's House - Daytime

Bree, with a basket of muffins, knocks on the door and Karl answers. She hands him the muffins.

Karl: "Well, hey there."

Bree: "Hi, Karl. Oh! Oh, um, quick question, when someone discusses a sensitive situation with a lawyer such as yourself, when does attorney client confidentiality kick in?"

Karl: "From the moment the lawyer's been hired. Why?"

Bree: "Here's a check for a hundred dollars. That's enough for a retainer, right?"

Karl: "I guess. What's going on, Bree?"

Bree: "My son is trying to blackmail me. And I want you to stop the little S.O.B. Do you think you could do that?"

Betty's Basement

Betty and Matthew are going through Monroes wallet.

Betty: "He has an Illinois license. It says here his name is Monroe. Does that name mean anything to you?"

Matthew: "No, but at least he wasn't a policeman."

Betty: "Poor man. I hope he didn't suffer too much."

Matthew: "Mom, are we looking at the same body?"

They hear a cell phone ring coming from Monroe. Matthew goes to the body and gets the cell phone.

Betty: "What is it?"

Matthew shows his mother the cell, which indicates "Foster" is calling Monroe.

Betty: "As soon as it gets dark, we get rid of that body."

Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Gabrielle is at the blender making a smoothie. Lynette walks in.

Lynette: "Hey. Um, I hope it's okay. Carlos let me in."

Gabrielle: "Actually, I'm right in the middle of something, and I don't know when I'll be done."

Lynette: "I'm just here to say I am sorry, and I have been a complete idiot."

Gabrielle: "All done."

Later, Gabrielle and Lynette are sitting at the table having a smoothie, laughing together.

Lynette: "So cute. 'cause it's beautiful!"

Carlos walks in.

Carlos: "Is the coast clear?"

Gabrielle: "Yes, it is. We worked it out."

Carlos: "No kidding. How'd you manage that one?"

Gabrielle: "Simple. Lynette admitted she was wrong and I agreed."

Lynette: "Well, ninety-nine percent wrong."

Gabrielle: "Oh, whatever, close enough."

Lynette: "Anyway, Tom's probably got dinner ready by now. So I should get going."

Gabrielle: "Okay."

Lynette: "Good night. Bye!"

Lynette leaves, then walks right back in.

Lynette: "You know what the one percent is, right?"

Gabrielle: "No, not really. Does it matter?"

Lynette: "It kinda does. I wanna get it clear for our friendship."

Gabrielle: "Okay. What's the one percent?"

Lynette: "Well, well, yes, I overreacted. I think you can see how even though I was somewhat off base, you were a little wrong, right?"

Gabrielle: "No. I kissed Tom, and it was a harmless joke. I think if I had kissed anybody else's husband, they would've laughed and then forgot about it ten seconds later."

Lynette: "Okay, let's test that theory."

Lynette grabs Carlos and begins kissing him passionately.

Gabrielle: "See? I don't care. That's just a waste of time and spit. Oh. Okay. Okay, okay, okay."

Gabrielle pulls them apart.

Gabrielle: "Okay! Okay! I get your point."

Lynette: "All righty, then, my work here is done. Carlos, Gaby."

Bowling Alley

Julie is bowling, while Susan and Mike watch.

Susan: "Go!"

Mike: "Not bad."

Mike turns and sees Zach approaching.

Mike: "Hey, there he is."

Susan: "Zach, I'm glad you could make it."

Mike: "Hey, Zach."

Zach: "Mr. Delfino, I didn't know you were gonna be here."

Mike: "Yeah, I was just bowling a few frames and ran into these guys. I thought I might join you. Is that okay?"

Zach: "Yeah, I guess."

Susan bowls.

Susan: "Oh! Okay, write that down. Nine!

Mike: "Wise guy."

Zach gets up to bowl.

Mike: "All right, just roll it in there nice and easy."

Zach rolls a gutter ball.

Zach: "Sorry."

Mike: "It's okay. We're still close. Anyway, Julie's totally gonna choke."

Julie: "Just for that, I am not bringing you back a hot dog. Zach, do you want one?"

Zach: "Okay."

Julie leaves. Zach gets up to bowl, but turns toward Susan and Mike.

Susan: "You okay?"

Zach: "Yeah, I'm fine, it's just, I don't understand what you're doing."

Mike: "What do you mean?"

Zach: "Well, I don't understand why you're being so nice to me. I mean, I pointed a gun at you guys. I, I, you should hate me."

Susan: "We don't hate you, Zach. You had an incredibly hard year. And you shouldn't have done what you did, but we just wanna help you move on."

Mike: "Look, um, when I was young, I got mixed up in some really bad stuff. I even did some time in prison."

Zach: "Really?"

Mike: "Yeah, but when I got out, people were willing to forgive me. Everybody deserves a second chance."

Zach: "Thanks."

Susan: "You know, I'm gonna go, uh, help Julie with the food. So you guys just keep talking and bowling. Talk and bowl. Bowl and talk."

Mike: "Here, let me show you something. See the arrows right in the middle? Just roll it straight over the one in the center. Okay. You don't have to spin it or anything. Just right down the middle. Look at that! Good job."

Mike puts his hand on Zachs shoulder and Susan watches from the food counter.

Outside Betty's House - Nighttime

Betty and Matthew are putting Monroe's body into the truck of his car.

Betty: "Hurry up!"

Matthew: "I am hurrying up, okay?"

Betty closes the trunk.

Matthew: "Wait, no! No! No!"

Betty: "What?"

Matthew: "I dropped the keys. I don't have 'em. They're in here!"

Betty starts to laugh and Matthew looks at her.

Betty: "Sometimes you just have to laugh."

Bree's House - Daytime

Andrew is playing video games when Bree and Karl walk in.

Bree: "Andrew? Would you mind turning off your video game? My lawyer would like to have a little chat with you."

Later, Karl and Andrew are sitting at the table and Bree is serving food.

Karl: "So even though your mother did witness George Williams' suicide, there's no affirmative duty to intervene. Therefore, no crime was committed. Even if the police find out, your mom will never see the inside of a courtroom."

Andrew: "Well, maybe I got the story wrong. What if she went over there to help him commit suicide?"

Bree: "If you wanna lie to the police, go right ahead. But please know that I will sue you."

Andrew: "For what?"

Karl: "Abuse of process. It's when a person tries to exploit the legal system for an improper purpose, like blackmail."

Andrew: "You guys can't sue me. I'm just a kid."

Bree: "Oh, don't worry. I won't start garnishing your wages until you turn eighteen."

Karl: "Your mom, is she a peach or what?"

Andrew: "If the cops don't give a damn, I'm sure your friends will. How does a little public humiliation sound?"

Karl hands Bree his coffee cup.

Karl: "Bree, can I get a refill on this?"

Bree leaves the room. Karl grabs Andrew.

Andrew: "What are you doing?"

Karl slams Andrew against the wall.

Karl: "Your father was a friend of mine. And if he were around to see what a nasty little turd you've turned into, he'd knock the hell out of you."

Andrew: "Yeah, well, he's not here now, is he?"

Andrew starts to walk away. Karl grabs him and slams him against the wall again. He grabs Andrews face.

Karl: "No, he isn't, but if you don't get your act together and start treating your mother with some respect, I'll take care of you myself. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

Andrew: "Yeah."

Karl: "Good."

Bree, still in the kitchen, stands right out of view from the dining room, listening.

Outside Lynette's House - Daytime

Lynette is walking up her steps when Carlos approaches.

Carlos: "Hey, neighbor."

Lynette: "Oh, hey, Carlos. Hi."

Carlos: "I just wanted to thank you for patching things up with Gaby."

Lynette: "Well, sure, no problem."

Carlos: "It's been really tough on her. Everybody finding out about the affair."

Lynette: "Yeah, I can imagine."

Carlos: "I don't mind telling you, it's, uh, it's been pretty tough on us the past couple months."

Lynette: "Oh, well, I'm not surprised, and I really, really hope you can work it out."

Carlos: "Yeah, we're trying. You know..."

Lynette: "Yeah?"

Carlos: "Gaby had an interesting suggestion."

Lynette: "Oh?"

Carlos: "She told me that I should go out and have an affair of my own. She thinks it's the only way I'll be able to get over what she did to me and that it just might help our marriage."

Lynette: "Why are you telling me this?"

Carlos: "I guess I just, uh, wanted to know if you had any thoughts on the subject?"

Lynette: "I don't. I really don't."

Carlos: "Well, if you ever do, let me know. By the way..."

Lynette: "Mm-hmm?"

Carlos: "That was one hell of a kiss you gave me. You can't fake chemistry like that."

Carlos walks away.

Paul's House

Zach is asleep on his bed. Paul walks in. He removes an open book that's lying on Zach's chest and puts it on the desk. He sees a bowling score card in the trash can. He picks it up and sees Susan, Julie, Mike and Zachs names. He throws the book on Zachs chest, waking him up.

Paul: "What the hell is this?"

Outside Mike's House - Daytime

Paul storms out of his front door to Mikes house. Mike is in the front yard, raking.

Paul: "Delfino?"

He punches Mike.

Paul: "Stay away from my son!"

Paul walks back toward his house as Susan backs out of her driveway. Mike gets up and chases Paul. Susan looks over just as Mike tackles Paul.

Susan: "Oh, my god!"

Paul and Mike wrestle. Susan, watching them, does not see the oncoming car. The car honks and Susan swerves, hitting Monroes car, which is still parked in front of the Applewhite house. The trunk pops up. Zach runs out to his father. Mike runs after Susans car. The Applewhites come out of their house.

Zach: "Dad!"

Mike: "You okay?"

Susan: "I'm fine."

Mrs. Fromme, walking her cat, looks in the opened trunk, and screams. Everyone walks over and sees the dead man in the trunk. Susan and Mike look at Paul, who raises his hands in denial.

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Police are all over. Susan is talking to a police detective.

Susan: "So I swerved to avoid hitting his car and I hit this parked car instead. That's when the trunk top opened. When we got out, we found this dead body."

Betty and Matthew stand on their porch, watching all the police activity.

Matthew: "Are you worried now? 'Cause I am."

Betty: "Not yet. Let's be patient. See what happens."

Susan approaches Bree, Edie, Lynette and Gabrielle.

Bree: "How'd it go?"

Susan: "Well I told them everything I know which wasnt much."

Gabrielle: "So we thinking this is Paul?"

Lynette: "Well, he is our friendly neighborhood murderer."

Bree: "Yes, it seems obvious."

Susan: "I dont know. I saw his face when he looked into the trunk and he looked just as shocked as I was."

Edie: "I'm thinking it's the Applewhites. I talked to the dead guy and that he said he was doing appraisal on their house. Well, I got a little cheesed so I called every realtor in town. Nobody had even heard of him."

Lynette: "That doesnt mean Betty knew him."

Edie: "Please. Those two are fishy. They bought that house sight unseen."

Gabrielle: "And they did move in the middle of the night."

Susan: "And there were the noises."

Bree: "What noises?"

Susan: "Oh, a couple weeks ago I heard some noises coming from the basement like a clanging. And I asked Betty about it. She lied right to my face."

Lynette: "What's that about?"

Susan: "I dont know."

All the ladies turn and stare at the Applewhites. Betty waves and they wave back.

Betty: "Now I'm worried."

Outside Paul's House - Nighttime

Zach is on his porch, playing his guitar when a car pulls up in front of Susans house. Julie gets out of the car.

Zach: "Julie."

Julie: "Hi."

Zach: "Hi. Well, my dad found out about us bowling. Im not going to be able to do that anytime soon."

Julie: "Oh, sorry."

Zach: "No, no I'm glad that we did. I havent felt like part of a family in a long time. Thanks. I, uh, I'd better get back inside."

Julie kisses Zach on the cheek.

"The act itself never varies."

Lynette's House - Nighttime

"But each kiss carries with it a meaning all its own. It can convey a husband's eternal devotion."

Tom grabs Lynette and begins kissing her.

Gabrielle's House - Nighttime

"Or a wife's enormous regret."

Gabrielle hugs and kisses Carlos.

Betty's House - Nighttime

"It can symbolize a mother's growing concern."

Betty kisses Matthew in the forehead.

Outside Bree's House - Nighttime

"Or a lover's growing passion."

Andrew and Justin are making out.

Edie's House - Nighttime

"But whatever its meaning, each kiss..."

Karl and Edie are on the couch together. They kiss.

Mrs. Fromme's House - Nighttime

"...reflects a basic human need."

Mrs. Fromme hugs her cat, whispering to it.

Bree's House - Nighttime

"The need to connect to another human being."

Bree is staring lovingly at a photo of Rex. She places a kiss on her fingers then touches Rexs lips.

Outside Paul's House - Nighttime

Julie and Zach are staring into each others eyes.

"This desire is so strong it's always amazing when some people"

From the house, Paul stares out of the window, watching them.

"...dont understand it."
Edie is watching a war movie on TV while eating a dessert.

"If there is one thing Edie Brit understood, it was the nature of war."

Karl walks in, drinking a beer, and sits down next to Edie.

"After two failed marriages and countless rocky romances she had learned that love was a battlefield, and the easiest way to survive the carnage was total surrender."

Flashback - Edie's House

Edie: "You know, I was thinking a vacation to Rome will be so romantic."

Karl: "Vegas is cheaper."

Edie: "Oh."

Flashback - Edie's House

Edie: "Could you put your underwear in the hamper?"

Karl: "Can you do it? You're standing right there."

Edie throws Karl's underwear in the hamper.

Flashback - Edie's House

Edie is in the living room where she's looking at a menu.

Edie: "I've got a hankering for Chinese food tonight."

Karl: "I'm so over rice. Let's do pizza."

Edie throws the menu in the trash.

Present - Edie's House

Edie and Karl are on the couch.

"But the day comes for every soldier when she must take a stand."

Karl changes the channel to a game.

Edie: "What do you think you're doing?"

"And fight."

Karl: "It's time for my game."

Edie: "I want to watch my movie."

Karl: "Edie, this is important to me."

Edie: "Fine. I have stuff to do anyway."

Edie gets up and goes to her bedroom.

"You see, when it came to men, Edie had a battle plan all her own."

Edie comes downstairs and clears her throat. Karl turns and sees Edie wearing a see through nightie. She has silk scarves in each hand.

Edie: "You got five minutes for Edie?"

Karl jumps up to follow her.

Later, in Edie's bedroom, Karl is nearly naked, lying on the bed. His hands are tied to the bedposts.

Karl: "Wow, that's some knot you tied."

Edie: "Yeah? Well, it's no fun if it's not tight. You know what would be hot? Whipped cream."

Edie slinks out of the room.

Karl: "Oh, you are so bad."

Edie: "Oh, you have no idea."

Edie goes downstairs. She takes the whipped cream and puts it on her dessert.

"Yes, Edie Britt understood the nature of war."

Edie switches the TV back to her movie. From the bedroom, Karl yells out to her.

Karl: "Edie, it's been ten minutes. Where's the damn whipped cream?"

Edie is sitting on the couch, watching her movie, eating her dessert, which is now covered with whipped cream.

"She also knew to the victor go the spoils."

Karl: "Edie! Edie!"

Opening Credits

Outside Betty's House

"The guest bedroom on the second floor of the Applewhite house had the best view in all of Wisteria Lane."

Betty's House

"From its windows, one could see from Mike Delfino's house on end of the street all the way to the old Huber place on the other. But unfortunately for the room's newest guest..."

Matthew tapes newspapers to the window.

"...the view was about to change. Dramatically."

Matthew comes downstairs. Caleb is sitting at the bottom of the steps hugging a blanket and pillow. Betty enters and sees Caleb.

Betty: "What on earth is he doing out?"

Matthew: "Caleb, go up to your room. Mom and I gonna have a talk now."

Caleb goes upstairs.

Betty: "His room? Have your lost your mind?"

Matthew: "Relax, I've taped newspapers to the windows. People can't see in."

Betty: "Caleb, get back down here."

Matthew: "No, no! We had a talk. It's fine. He understands what's gonna happen if he's discovered."

Betty: "For five seconds he understands and then he forgets. You know that."

Matthew: "We can protect him without treating him like an animal."

Betty: "I am keeping him safe from the police, from the Fosters, from himself."

Matthew: "He is not going back downstairs."

Betty: "Since when do you talk to me like that?"

Matthew: "Since I share the risk."

Matthew walks out.

Church

Father Crowley is conducting services.

Father Crowley: "I have a few announcements. I'd like to acknowledge Mrs. Herbert for spearheading the potluck dinner. Her hard work and tuna melt."

Carlos sees Gabrielle is cooing at the baby in the pew in front of them.

Carlos: "She is adorable, isn't she?"

Gabrielle: "She's okay."

Father Crowley: "Next Saturday, the woman's ministry will be holding their annual bake sale from nine a.m. to..."

Carlos: "Ours would be gorgeous."

Gabrielle: "Knock it off."

Carlos: "Knock what off?"

Gabrielle: "Babies, babies, babies. You sound like a broken record. I just had a miscarriage. It's gonna take some time before I'm ready to get pregnant again."

Carlos: "Any idea when you'll be ready? You know, ballpark?"

Gabrielle: "Stop it! Let's just enjoy the here and now. We're together. Our marriage is back on track. Life is good."

Father Crowley: "Before we wrap up, we have a dear friend back from her missionary trip to tell us about her experiences."

A nun stands up from the front pew. Gabrielle stares.

Father Crowley: "Sister Mary Bernard."

Sister Mary turns around.

Gabrielle: "Son of a bitch!"

Everyone in the church turns to look at her. Gabrielle turns to the woman behind her and shushes her.

Bree's House

Bree comes home and finds Danielle's backpack at the bottom of the stairs. Bree picks up the backpack and goes upstairs. In Danielle's room, Danielle and Matthew are partially undressed, kissing on her bed. Bree knocks on her door.

Bree: "Danielle. Honey, are you in there?"

Matthew and Danielle scramble around to get dressed.

Danielle: "Um, I'm doing homework."

Bree: "Really because I'm holding your backpack with all your schoolbooks."

Danielle: "Hold on."

Danielle opens the door.

Danielle: "Thanks mom. I was just doing a little research online."

Bree: "Oh, while I'm here, I might as well grab some of your laundry."

Danielle: "No, please not right now."

Bree enters and starts picking up clothes off the floor.

Bree: "Honey, stop complaining. One day you'll wish someone were offering to do your laundry."

Bree gets the laundry basket out of the closet. She turns toward the bed and sees clothes on the floor. She goes over and starts to pick it up when Matthew's hand reaches out and grabs it.

Bree: "Danielle, question. Is there a black man hiding under your bed?"

Betty's House

Betty answers the knocking from the front door. Bree, Danielle, and Matthew are there.

Betty: "What's going on?"

Bree: "I just thought you should know that I came home to find your son hiding underneath my daughter's bed and it just seems to me that..."

Betty slaps Matthew face.

Betty: "Inside, right now. I apologize for my son's behavior. It won't happen again. I put the house up for sale and we're moving. Now, if you'll excuse me."

Betty closes the door.

Lynette's House

Lynette is looking over paperwork when Tom comes downstairs.

Tom: "How's it going?"

Lynette: "Oh, not good. I'm trying to salvage the pitch from the Black's Frozen Yogurt campaign. You know what kills me?"

Tom: "Yeah?"

Lynette: "Here we are at t-minus nine hours and eleven minutes from the biggest pitch in our company's history and I have nothing even vaguely presentable."

Tom: "I'll get the coffee."

Lynette: "Thank you."

Tom: "Do you wanna go over it and toss some ideas around?"

Lynette: "No, that's okay. I know you're exhausted. You should go to bed."

Tom: "Come on, honey. Let's do this. Let's nail this sucker. What do we got?"

Lynette: "We've got nothing."

Tom: "Okay. Okay. Black's Frozen Yogurt. Let your taste buds come in from the cold. Okay, you know whatever. I'm just knocking the rust off. I can do better than that. I can do better. Black's the Fro-Yo that makes you go whoa!"

Lynette: "Come on. I'm sorry, I just really need focus here."

Tom: "Okay, Black's Frozen Yogurt: because our cows are better. Or, no. Or, or, or Frogurt. Frogurt, it's fun to eat, fun to say."

Lynette: "That's actually good."

Tom: "Really?"

Lynette: "No, the cow part. That can work. We'll, we'll make them into characters. We'll humanize them. Oh! I know. I know. Celebrity cow spokespeople."

Tom: "Yes, yes, that's exactly what I was thinking. You know, like make 'em like famous characters like, uh, Reverend Mooo-ny. What do ya, what do you think of that?"

Lynette says nothing.

Tom: "They can't all be gems."

Outside Susan's House - Nighttime

Susan and Dr. Ron are returning from a date.

Susan: "Thank you. I had fabulous time."

Dr. Ron: "Me too. Well, I guess I'd better get going."

Susan: "Oh, um, Julie's staying at her father's house and I'm all alone here."

Dr. Ron: "Oh."

Susan: "Yeah, sometimes it actually makes me a little nervous."

Dr. Ron: "Turn the TV on. That's what I do."

Susan: "Oh, that's a good idea. I forgot. I have a bottle of wine. It's already chilled right in the refrigerator and that'll just really relax me."

Dr. Ron: "That's good. So, um, we're still good for Thursday?"

Susan: "Ah, yeah, yeah. Thursday, Thursday is great."

Dr. Ron: "Good night."

Dr. Ron kisses Susan and turns to leave.

Susan: "Do I just repulse you?"

Dr. Ron: "No. Why?"

Susan: "We've been on three dates and you just keep acting like a perfect gentleman, and uh, it's getting a little old."

Dr. Ron: "Susan, make no mistake. I am like inches away from ripping off your clothes right now."

Susan: "And you're stopping yourself why?"

Dr. Ron: "Well, I'm still your doctor and it's not quite ethical yet."

Susan: "Oh, so why are we dating?"

Dr. Ron: "Look, it's only temporary. Once you're well, I'm done treating you, all bets are off."

Susan: "Okay."

Dr. Ron turns to leave, then turns back quickly.

Dr. Ron: "Ah, what the hell."

He grabs Susan and kisses her.

Susan: "Okay, that sorta felt unethical."

They both smile and he leaves.

Sister Mary's Car - Daytime

Carlos gets in.

Sister Mary: "Thank you for meeting with me."

Carlos: "Sure. I'd have invited you to the house but the place is real pigsty."

Sister Mary: "Carlos, I'm a nun, not a moron. I know Gabrielle despises me."

Carlos: "She's just jealous of you, that's all."

Sister Mary: "Of me? Oh, isn't that silly."

Carlos: "She refuses to believe that I can connect with anyone on a spiritual level."

Sister Mary: "We do have an amazing connection. That's why I wanted to talk to you. When I saw you at church, I could tell instantly you're unhappy."

Carlos: "Okay, maybe I've been a little down lately."

Sister Mary: "Tell me."

Carlos: "This whole having kids thing. Sister Mary, I just, I want them so bad."

Sister Mary: "Gabrielle still refuses to give them to you?"

Carlos: "To be fair, she did have a miscarriage recently."

Sister Mary: "What if she decides against kids? What if this is just a stall tactic?"

Carlos: "Then I'm screwed. Sorry, sorry."

Sister Mary: "No, you're right. You're screwed. Unless..."

Carlos: "Unless what?"

Sister Mary hands Carlos a pamphlet from the glove compartment.

Carlos: "American Catholics Guide to Annulments. Sister Mary, what exactly are you saying here?"

Sister Mary: "I'm saying God helps those who help themselves."

Advertising Agency

Lynette is talking on her cell phone.

Lynette: "Hey, I got great news. We just landed the Black's Frozen Yogurt account."

Tom: "Really! They loved the pitch?"

Lynette: "The talking cows rocked their world."

Tom: "Hey, how did they like my prison Bull Clinton idea?"

Lynette: "Ah, well I rewrote some of the stuff we worked on, but you know, essentially it's the same and they ate it up."

Tom: "That is fantastic."

Lynette: "Yeah and Ed said we can finally afford to hire another executive."

Tom: "Terrific. Tell me, did they like the promotion plan sponsoring the cow tipping contest?"

Lynette: "Ah, well, the pitch was running long, so we cut a few things."

Tom: "I'm just glad they loved my idea."

Lynette: "Well, to be fair..."

Tom: "Did they like the Hugh Heftner and the Play cows?"

Lynette: "They're calling me in for a meeting. I gotta go. Love you. Bye."

Hospital

Dr. Ron is pointing to an x-ray film.

Dr. Ron: "So, this is your spleen. Normally, it'd be over here, but because you're missing ligament structure, it has wandered over there right next to your liver. And we discussed it at the staff meeting. Everyone thinks you should have it removed immediately."

Susan: "Oh well, okay. I mean, I guess you guys probably have all sorts of new exciting techniques where you don't even cut open the body?"

Dr. Ron: "No, not really."

Susan: "No? So, we're talking surgery? Well, I guess I can handle that. People get cut open every day."

Dr. Ron: "So, I assuming you're good with me doing the surgery, right?"

Susan: "You?"

Dr. Ron: "I mean, it seems natural. I know the most about your case. I promise you'll be in very good hands."

Susan: "Oh, ah, well, ah."

Dr. Ron: "What?"

Susan: "The first time you'll see me naked, I'll be on an operating table."

Dr. Ron: "Oh, I promise I will be a perfect gentleman. My eyes will be strictly on the spleen."

A nurse enters the room.

Nurse: "Doctor, Mrs. Baker is here for her follow-up."

Dr. Ron: "Right. We need to schedule Susan for a splenectomy with me."

Nurse: "Oh, congratulations!"

Dr. Ron: "So, I will call you later?"

Dr. Ron leaves the room.

Nurse: "Oh, I am so happy for him. Such a doll."

Susan: "I'm curious. Um, why were you so congratulatory?"

Nurse: "Oh, the spleen surgery. It'll be his first!"

Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Gabrielle is reading a magazine when Carlos walks in.

Carlos: "Hey, honey. Can we talk about something?"

Gabrielle: "Sure."

Carlos: "So, I've been thinking about the whole baby thing. And however long it takes for you to feel ready, I am fine with."

Gabrielle: "Okay."

Carlos: "But here's the deal. I need to know that this isn't a maybe. I want a promise that we will have children."

Gabrielle: "I'm sorry. I can't promise that."

Carlos: "Why not?"

Gabrielle: "Because I can't say that I'm gonna wake up tomorrow and suddenly wanna do something that I swore my entire life I would never do. 'Maybe' is a very big step for me."

Carlos: "Yeah, well, it isn't big enough for me."

Gabrielle: "Well, I'm sorry, but you're just gonna have to accept it. There's nothing else you can do."

Carlos: "That isn't necessarily true."

Gabrielle: "Excuse me?"

Carlos tosses the annulment pamphlet to Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "You are threatening me with an annulment? That conniving little bitch put you up to this, didn't she? Didn't she?"

Carlos: "This fight could be over right now if you'd just make me a promise."

Gabrielle: "The only promise I am making you is that this is so not over."

Lynette's House - Nighttime

Tom is doing dishes. Lynette walks in.

Lynette: "Hi!"

Tom: "Hey."

Lynette: "Hey."

Tom: "How's the search coming for the new ad exec? Any luck?"

Lynette: "Oh, the pickings are slim. So far none of my top choices are available. Hey, um, do you have someone from your old company that you could, you know, maybe recommend?"

Parker comes downstairs, stopping near the bottom.

Parker: "Daddy!"

Tom: "Well..."

Parker: "I can't find my toothbrush."

Tom: "I'll be up in a second, buddy."

Lynette ( to Parker ): "Hi."

Parker runs back upstairs.

Tom: "As a matter of fact, there's this one guy who would be perfect."

Lynette: "Yeah?"

Tom: "Yep, hard-working, smart as a whip. Total package."

Lynette: "Really? What's his name?"

Tom: "Tom."

Lynette: "Tom? Tom what?"

Tom: "Tom Scavo."

Lynette: "Oh, no, no! I do not think that that is a good idea."

Tom: "Come on, honey, I mean, the other night doing those pitches, it just got the old juices flowing. I remembered how much I miss having a real job."

Lynette: "You have a real job, right here staying home with the kids."

Tom: "With two incomes, we could afford a top-notch nanny."

Lynette: "What about Penny?"

Tom: "You're the one who fought for office day care. Let's use it."

Lynette: "What about the two of us working and living together? I think that could be a recipe for disaster."

Tom: "Why? The last time that we worked together, we fell in love."

Lynette: "Oh, it's just, I'm, I'm not sure that you would find this job that satisfying."

Tom: "You don't think I'm good enough, do you?"

Lynette: "I'm not saying that."

Parker comes back down the stairs.

Parker: "Daddy, I still can't find my toothbrush!"

Lynette: "I'll go."

Tom: "I got it. Come on, buddy. Let's hunt it down."

Parker: "So, who won the fight?"

Tom: "We weren't fighting, Mommy's just letting daddy know where he stands."

Lynette: "Oh, hey! Hey!"


Advertising Agency

Ed and Lynette are conducting interviews.

Ed: "Thanks for coming in, Mr. Gainey. We'll be in touch."

Lynette: "Thank you. Bye."

Ed: "What'd you think?"

Lynette: "Well, honestly, I wasn't blown away."

Ed: "I know the pickings are slim, but we can't hold out much longer. We need to hire someone this week."

Lynette: "I know! I know! I know. So, who's up next?"

Ed: "Tom Cavos. You ever heard of him?"

Lynette sees Tom in the outer office talking to the secretary.

Lynette: "Could you excuse me for just a minute?"

Ed: "Sure."

Lynette pulls Tom into a room.

Lynette: "Tom Cavos?"

Tom: "Yeah, it's an anagram. It's deceptively simple, don't you think?"

Lynette: "What do you think you're doing?"

Tom: "I'm going over your head. I mean, you might not think I'm good enough, but maybe Ed will be a little more open-minded, since, you know, he's not constantly competing with me."

Lynette: "You want the truth, Tom? I think you're good. You have moments of brilliance. But I also think sometimes you coast. And I think if I were your boss and had to ride your ass every day, you would come home seething with resentment. Come on! It's hard enough keeping a marriage together."

Tom: "If you're at all concerned about saving our marriage, you better let me take my shot."

Lynette: "What does that mean?"

Tom: "It means that a little part of me has been hating you ever since you tanked my promotion at Petersen."

Lynette: "Tom."

Tom: "But I can let it all go if you'll give me this one thing."

Pat: "Excuse me. Ed's waiting for you guys."

Lynette: "Great! Great!"

Tom: "Just let my rsum speak for itself."

Lynette: "Uh, just let your rsum speak for itself?"

Tom: "Yeah."

Lynette: "Okay!"

Later, Ed, Tom, and Lynette are in Ed's office.

Ed: "Oh! You worked the Poncer Cheese accounts? Those angry mouse spots? They were hilarious!"

Tom: "I was on that from the beginning. "

Ed (imitating a mouse): "'Warning, do not eat the cheese! The cheese is evil!' I love that! You've got a great rsum."

Tom: "Thank you."

Lynette: "Yeah, gosh, it is. It's quite impressive. Oh wow, I see you worked for Bellfore and Barrasso. That's a great shop."

Tom: "Yeah, I put my time in."

Lynette: "Uh-huh, and when were you there? Because you forgot to list your dates of employment for that one."

Tom: "Um, that was a few years back."

Lynette: "Uh-huh. And how long did you stay?"

Tom: "Just about five months, actually."

Lynette: "What, did you get recruited by another firm? Did somebody cherry-pick ya?"

Tom: "No, I was fired."

Lynette: "Oh."

Tom: "Yeah, but honestly, I was happy to leave because they didn't get my sense of humor. I actually pitched a version of the cheese is evil there first. They hated it."

Ed: "Idiots! Well, their loss, right?"

Tom: "Yep."

Ed: "And I see you won a Clio for the Thompson's Salad Dressing spot. That was very cool."

Lynette: "So did you do that solo?"

Tom: "Actually, no. My wife helped me on that one. Um, she's in advertising, too. But if you were to ask her, I'm sure she'd tell you she did the whole thing all by herself."

Ed: "Credit hog, huh? I know the type. You know what, Tom? I like you."

Lynette: "Ed."

Ed: "And I'm not usually one for hiring in the room."

Lynette: "No, no, no, no, no, we never hire in the room."

Ed: "But we're in a time crunch, and we need someone now. I think you're the guy. Lynette, you got any issues?"

Lynette: "Well, um, let me just call in a few references before we make anything official."

Ed: "Sure! Sure! We'll be in touch, okay? 'The cheese is evil!' Oh, god, I love that."

Church

Gabrielle enters and speaks to a Priest.

Gabrielle: "Oh, um, I'm looking for Father Crowley. Do you know where he is?"

Priest: "Um, he's in the confessional."

Gabrielle enters the confessional.

Father Crowley: "How long has it been since your last confession?"

Gabrielle: "Who cares? Father, it's me."

Father Crowley: "Gabrielle?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah. Look, I need you to do something for me. I need you to get rid of Sister Mary Bernard."

Father Crowley: "What? Why?"

Gabrielle: "Because she's ruining my marriage."

Father Crowley: "Sister Mary?"

Gabrielle: "Yes! At first it started with the love letters while he was in prison, and the next thing I know, they're spending day and night together, sneaking off to private bible study, and, and one-on-one spiritual consultation."

Father Crowley: "Gabrielle-"

Gabrielle: "And if that wasn't enough, he is saying her name in his sleep. Hold me, Sister Mary, hold me.' It's disgusting. He's like a lovesick puppy."

Father Crowley: "Do you have reason to believe that your husband and Sister Mary are having s*x? Speak from the heart, Gabrielle. This is just between me, you, and God."

Gabrielle: "Yeah. Yep. They're having s*x. Carlos confessed everything right before he asked for an annulment."

Father Crowley leaves the confessional. Gabrielle steps out, just as another priest passes her and enters the confessional Father Crowley just left. Gabrielle goes back into the confessional.

Gabrielle: "Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned."

Priest: "How long since your last confession?"

Gabrielle: "Mm, not that long ago. Look, I sorta told a fib, so how many Hail Marys' is that gonna set me back?"

Bree's House

Danielle is lying on her bed, crying, when Bree walks in.

Danielle: "Go away!"

Bree: "Oh, honey, what happened wasn't my fault. There's no way I could've predicted how Betty would react."

Danielle: "Oh, please, you knew something bad would happen. You wanted all this to blow up in my face."

Bree: "Oh, honey, why would I want that?"

Danielle: "Because you're jealous that my life's just getting started and yours is over."

Bree: "Danielle, that's ridiculous, sweetheart."

Danielle: "Daddy's dead. You drove your boyfriend to suicide. You're getting older by the minute, and soon you'll be so dried up and bitter that no man will ever want to touch you ever again."

Bree: "Danielle!"

Danielle: "And now you're determined to ruin my life so I have to stay with you here and keep you company while you turn into an old fossil."

Bree: "All I ever wanted was for you to be happy."

Danielle: "Don't just want it. Make it happen."

Bree slowly leaves, then comes back in a few seconds later.

Bree: "Danielle, I don't feel much like cooking tonight. I'm, I'm thinking of ordering a pizza."

Danielle: "I want Canadian bacon. Please."

Bree: "All right."

Betty's House

Matthew comes in, looks at Betty, and goes upstairs.

Caleb: "He's mad at you 'cause you hit him."

Betty: "Well, I feel bad about that. But when I consider the risks he was taking..."

Caleb: "It's a shame he can't see that girl. She's so pretty."

Betty: "What did you say about Danielle?"

Caleb: "I said that she..."

Betty: "You know I don't want you thinking about things like that."

Caleb: "I'm sorry. I didn't. I'm sorry."

Betty: "It's okay. It's okay. Go on and run up to your room. Read the comics I got you. And, Caleb? If I ever catch you looking at that Van De Kamp girl, I'll hit you twice as hard as I hit your brother, and I won't feel bad about it. Okay?"

Caleb: "Okay."

Susan's House - Nighttime

Susan and Dr. Ron are having dinner. Susan watches as Dr. Ron tries cutting the meat on his plate.

Susan: "So this whole splenectomy thing, you feel good about it, huh?"

Dr. Ron: "Yeah, yeah, I told you. It's a routine surgery. You're gonna be fine."

Susan: "Right, right. Actually, I sort of meant, um, do you personally feel confident?"

Dr. Ron: "What do you mean?"

Susan: "Well, you know, you're gonna be hacking into me, and I just wanted to make sure that you feel ready."

Dr. Ron: "I've never taken out a spleen before. But believe me, it's no big deal. Spleen, gallbladder, it's all the same."

Susan: "Okay, red flag! See, I didn't go to medical school, but I'm thinking, not all the same."

Dr. Ron: "Susan, I know what I'm doing. You're gonna have to trust me. Okay?"

Susan: "I would like to. But I gotta be honest, the fact that you can't even cut that steak isn't helping."

Dr. Ron: "That's not fair. You overcooked it, and, frankly, it's not the freshest meat."

Susan: "Well, neither am I. I've got thirty-five years on that cow."

Dr. Ron: "Wait, Susan, are you saying you don't want me to be your surgeon?"

Susan: "I'm sorry. I don't mean this to sound the wrong way. I just, I would be more comfortable with an experienced surgeon."

Dr. Ron: "That's okay. I understand."

Susan: "Thank you."

Dr. Ron: "I should really be going."

Susan: "What? I didn't even serve dessert yet. You said you understood!"

Dr. Ron: "No, I do, I do. I respect your decision to see another doctor, but you know what? You need to respect that my feelings are hurt."

Susan: "What? You want me to put my life on the line to service your ego?"

Dr. Ron: "I save lives every day. I cut. I save. I cut. I save. That's what I do, and if that gives me an out-of-control ego, well, maybe I need that to cut into another human being."

Lynette's House - Nighttime

Tom is sitting at the table, reading the paper. Lynette comes home.

Lynette: "Hey."

Tom: "Hey. Dinner's ready."

He points to a covered dinner plate on the table.

Lynette: "Oh."

Tom: "So did you call around? Check on my references?"

Lynette: "I told Ed you were my husband, and he was cool with that. He really wants to hire you. So, who am I to stand in the way?"

Tom: "Really? So I got the job?"

Lynette: "On one condition. If you take this job, you are never allowed to bring up what happened before with your promotion."

Tom: "That's it? Deal."

Lynette: "No, it's not a deal. I need a solemn vow that you will never throw that in my face ever again. Because if you do, you will unleash demons that you do not wanna meet."

Tom: "I get it."

Lynette: "And what I really need from you is to be forgiven."

Tom: "Actually, I already had."

Lynette uncovers her plate and Tom pours her some wine.

Lynette: "This dinner is really good."

Tom: "Thank you."

He leans over and kisses Lynette, who has tears in her eyes.

Tom: "Thank you."

Betty's House - Daytime

In the second-story bedroom, Caleb is tearing the paper off of the window. He sees Bree approaching his mother in the front yard.

Bree: "Hi, Betty."

Betty: "Hello."

Bree: "I wanted to talk to you about what happened the other day with the kids."

Betty: "I told you, we will be moving soon. There's nothing to worry about."

Bree: "Well, my fear is that if we keep them apart, they'll try that much harder to be together. I mean, you know how teenagers can be, and, well, a lot can happen in a couple of weeks."

Betty: "I'll make a deal with you. If you control yours, I will control mine."

Bree: "How about some old-fashioned chaperoning? That way they can, um, still see each other, and we won't have to be the villains."

Bree looks up to the second floor and sees Caleb standing in the window.

Betty: "When it comes to my son's best interests, I'm not afraid of being the villain. I assumed that you would feel the same way, Bree."

Bree: "Now that you mention it, I guess I do. I have to go. I have some, um, muffins in the oven."

Bree hurries off.

Bree's House - Daytime

Bree is going through her recycling stack of old newspapers. She finds the one with Caleb's picture on the front, takes it into the house, and picks up the phone.

Danielle: "Mom, what's wrong?"

Bree: "It's the Applewhites. I don't want you to go near them."

Danielle: "What?"

Bree: "Do you remember the man they arrested, the one that broke into Gabrielle's and escaped from the mental hospital? He's there. I saw him in their window. They're hiding him."

Danielle: "You're kidding."

Bree: "No, I'm not. And I forbid you to go over there."

She speaks into the phone.

Bree: "Lynette, hi, it's Bree. Uh, listen, call me when you get this message, and please come to poker tonight. I have some big news about the Applewhites."

Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Carlos is on the phone.

Carlos: "All right. Bye."

Gabrielle: "Who was that?"

Carlos: "Sister Mary. They just transferred her to a parish in Fairbanks, Alaska."

Gabrielle: "You're kidding me. Why?"

Carlos: "She doesn't know. The diocese wouldn't even give her a reason."

Gabrielle: "Ah, Vatican politics. What's wrong?"

Gabrielle sees the annulment pamphlet sticking out of Carlos' bible. She pulls it out.

Carlos: "I think I'm just coming down with a migraine."

Gabrielle: "Oh, well, maybe you should go lie down. I'm gonna be out for a while."

Carlos: "All right."

Hospital

Susan is sitting in the waiting room. Dr. Ron and another doctor are approaching. Dr. Ron sees Susan.

Dr. Ron (to the other doctor): "I'll see you there. "

Dr. Ron enters the waiting room.

Dr. Ron: "Susan? What are you doing here?"

Susan: "We need to talk."

Dr. Ron: "Okay, all right, but, look, I just got out of surgery."

Susan: "I've been waiting for three hours. After you stormed out the other night, I started to doubt myself. I started to think, gee, you know, maybe I should just ignore my better instincts, and I should let Dr. Ron gut me like a fish.'"

Dr. Ron: "Susan."

Susan: "I mean, why not? 'Cause all my life I have jumped through hoops to keep men from leaving. But I'm not doing it anymore. So, tough luck, pally. You just missed out on a good thing."

She snaps her fingers in front of his face.

Dr. Ron: "Susan. You've been here for three hours?"

Susan: "Yeah."

Dr. Ron:"Well, two hours ago, flowers, champagne, and an apology note were delivered to your doorstep."

Susan: "Really?"

Dr. Ron: "Look, I put our relationship at risk, all right? And it was stupid. I haven't felt this way about somebody in a long time. Susan, I really like you. And because of that, I, I can't be your doctor, let alone your surgeon. I mean, there's a pretty good reason why they make those rules. Listen, I hope you forgive me, all right? Because I'll hate myself if I lose you."

Susan: "Wow. I wouldn't want you to hate yourself."

Dr. Ron: "No."

Susan: "And I am so sorry about that snap thing. I was just trying to be theatrical."

Wisteria Lane Park - Daytime

Matthew: "I got your note. What's going on?"

Danielle: "Are you hiding someone in your house?"

Matthew: "What?"

Danielle: "My mom saw someone in your second story window. She thinks it's the guy who broke into Mrs. Solis'."

Matthew: "Damn it, Caleb."

Danielle: "Is that his name?"

Matthew: "Has she told anybody else?"

Danielle: "She left messages on her friends' machines. They're coming over soon to get details."

Matthew: "We're gonna have to leave tonight. This is..."

Danielle: "Why? What's going on?"

Matthew: "I would love to tell you, believe me, I would. But I can't."

Danielle: "If you trust me, I could help you. My family has secrets, too."

Matthew: "What my brother did, it's bad."

Danielle: "Last year my brother did something really awful, and my parents covered it up for him. If anyone were to ever find out, Andrew and my mom could go to jail. So you don't have to worry about me judging you. Tell me your secrets. I'll understand."

Matthew: "Okay. But you tell me yours first."

Church

Sister Mary is scrubbing the floors on her hands and knees when Gabrielle walks in.

Sister Mary: "What are you doing here?"

Gabrielle: "I heard you were being transferred so I came to say good-bye."

Sister Mary: "Come to gloat is more like it."

Gabrielle: "No, we've had our differences, but that doesn't mean I'm happy to see you shipped off to Alaska. Brr."

Sister Mary: "You had something to do with this, didn't you?"

Gabrielle: "Me? Oh, I'm just a humble sinner. You're the one with all the power around here, all the annulment mojo."

Sister Mary stands up and removes her apron.

Sister Mary: "Is that why you did it? Well, getting rid of me isn't gonna change anything. Carlos will do what he wants. The problems in your marriage aren't going away."

Gabrielle: "Maybe not, but you certainly are. You missed a spot."

Gabrielle begins to walk away from Sister Mary. Sister Mary throws the brush in her hand and hits Gabrielle on the back of the head.

Gabrielle: "Ah! Oh. That was a mistake."

Gabrielle walks back and slaps Sister Mary's face.

Gabrielle: "There. I think we're all done here."

Gabrielle starts to walk away. Sister Mary grabs her by the hair and pulls her back and starts spinning her around. Another nun and some children enter the church. Sister Mary starts to choke Gabrielle. Gabrielle reaches behind her and hits Sister Mary with her purse. The other nun runs out for help. Sister Mary and Gabrielle release each other, then charge at each other. Gabrielle pushes Sister Mary to the table with all the lit candles. Sister Mary's sleeve catches fire. Sister Mary screams.

Gabrielle: "Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Hold on!"

Gabrielle runs, pulls down a "Jesus Saves" banner and wraps it around Sister Mary. She pushes Sister Mary to the floor and tries to pat out the flames. The flames are out.

Gabrielle: "Are you okay?"

Gabrielle tries to help Sister Mary up and Sister Mary bites her on the arm. Gabrielle screams and they roll around on the floor in front of the children. A priest enters the room and begins pulling them apart.

Priest: "Stop fighting now! Stop fighting! Ladies! No!"

Outside Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Gabrielle pulls in. Carlos comes outside. Gabrielle is in total disarray.

Carlos: "What the hell were you thinking?"

Gabrielle: "Uh, depends. What have you heard?"

Carlos: "I got a call from the church. They said you attacked Sister Mary!"

Gabrielle: "Yeah, that's about right."

Carlos: "What are you thinking?"

Gabrielle: "I wasn't, but I was thinking about it on the way over here. And I realized the ass I should be kicking is yours."

Carlos: "Mine?"

Gabrielle: "Yes! Sister Mary manipulated you into threatening me, but you're the idiot that fell for it."

Carlos: "I was not threatening you. I was asking for a promise."

Gabrielle: "You made me a promise, Carlos, a long time ago: till death do us part. And one day you just come home and start throwing words around like annulment. How do you think that makes me feel?"

Carlos: "Okay, I'm sorry about that. I need to have a child."

Gabrielle: "And I need to know I'm the woman you want to spend the rest of your life with, not just some uterus in high heels."

Carlos: "Gabrielle, please."

Gabrielle: "No, Carlos, I am sorry. I am not gonna be blackmailed into giving birth. You have to choose. And I wish you would do it so I can move on with my life."

Carlos: "Well, of course I choose you."

Gabrielle: "I think that's the right decision. You know, I made a decision, too. The answer to your question earlier is yes."

Carlos: "Yes..."

Gabrielle: "I wanna have a baby. I wanna have a baby with you."

Bree's House - Nighttime

Bree is preparing for her poker game. The doorbell rings.

Bree: "Betty. What a surprise."

Betty: "Can I talk to you for a moment?"

Bree: "Uh, now is actually not a good time for me."

Betty: "I think it is. I wanted to chat with you before you did something foolish."

Bree: "I don't know what you mean."

Betty: "The person you saw at my house today is my other son. His name is Caleb. He didn't harm Gabrielle, and he didn't hurt the man in the car trunk. That's all you need to know."

Bree: "He's your son?"

Betty: "He's my dear son who happens to be slow. Sometimes he makes mistakes."

Bree: "But, Betty, the police are looking for him. He escaped from that facility they sent him to."

Betty: "He had help, trust me. I've always thought the maternal instinct is one of nature's most amazing gifts. I mean, the length that some mothers will go to to protect their children, it drives ordinary women to do extraordinary things. Women like me, Bree, and like you."

Bree: "What are you talking about?"

Betty: "If you breathe one word of Caleb's existence to anyone, I will tell Carlos, Gabrielle, and the police that it was your son driving the car that killed Juanita Solis and that you have been covering up his crime ever since. We're gonna be great friends, Bree. We have so much in common."

Outside Bree's House - Nighttime

Edie, Gabrielle, Susan and Lynette are approaching Bree's house.

Gabrielle: "So is that all she said?"

Lynette: "Yeah, something about the Applewhites. I'm dying of curiosity."

They ring the doorbell. Bree, inside, seems in shock after her conversation with Betty.

Betty: "It's rude to keep people waiting."

Bree answers the door.

Bree: "Hi. Come on in."

Edie: "So, spill it. What's the scoop on the Applewhites?"

Bree: "Um, about that, um..."

Gabrielle: "Oh, Bree, come on, dish already!"

Bree: "Well, perhaps I got more excited than I should have, but I recently found out that Betty Applewhite is quite the poker player, and so, I have, uh, invited her to join our weekly game."

Betty comes out of the kitchen holding a food platter.

Betty: "Hello, everybody. I hope you brought your checkbooks because I am feeling lucky."

Later, the women sit around the poker table, holding their cards.

"Everyone understands the nature of war."

Betty: "I raise."

"We also understand that victory depends on the cards that we have been dealt."

Susan folds, Gabrielle folds, Lynette folds, and finally Edie folds.

"Some, when faced with a bloody battle, simply give in."

Betty and Bree look at each other from across the table.

"But for some, surrender is unacceptable."

Betty: "Well, Bree, what are you gonna do?"

"Even though they know it will be a fight..."

Bree: "I'll raise you."

"...to the death."

Maxine opens her front door, greeting several ladies.

"Once a month, the crme de la crme of Fairview society would attend a semi-formal luncheon at the home of Maxine Bennett."

Maxine's Dining Room

Women sit at the formally set table and several women standing around talking.

"Everyone loved these elegant get-togethers. Everyone, that is, but a certain red-headed housewife who was convinced Maxine was a liar."

Bree stares suspiciously as Maxine brings in individual plates and sets one in front of Bree.

"You see, Maxine liked to brag that she did all her own cooking and because each course was served promptly..."

Another plate is set in front of Bree.

"...presented with flair..."

Guests: "Smells delicious."

"...and was positively mouth-watering, Bree knew that Maxine had had some help."

Another beautiful plate is set in front of Bree.

"And sadly for Maxine, Bree intended to prove it."

Bree: "Maxine, once again this entire lunch is just out of this world. I just have to get the number of your caterer."

Maxine: "What a nice compliment. No, I'm afraid this is all my doing."

Lady #1: "It was a triumph, an absolute triumph."

Bree: "Oh come on, do you honestly expect us to believe that you had the time to prepare a six-course meal for ten women? Even I couldn't make this and have time to get ready for a party."

Maxine: "Well, perhaps you're just not as organized as I am. If you'll excuse me."

Lady #1: "Bree, what's gotten into you?"

Bree: "I have the same recipe for English Plum Pudding. It takes six hours to prepare. How could she have time to make all of this and everything else that we ate today? This is not the pudding of an honest woman."

There's banging on the front door.

Man: "FBI, open up!"

Bree: "What on earth?"

One of the ladies gets up and rushes to the door. Maxine comes out of the kitchen. When the front door is opened, four FBI agents enter. As Agent #1 enters the dining room, several other agents swarm into the other parts of the house.

Agent #1: "We're looking for a Maxine Bennett."

Maxine: "I'm Maxine."

Agent #1: "We have a warrant to search the premises, ma'am."

Maxine: "A warrant? I'm in the middle of a luncheon."

One of the agents approaches a door with a lock on it.

Agent #2: "Over here."

He kicks the door down. Inside is a table filled with beautifully made pastries and cakes. A young Asian girl is working diligently on the cakes.

Agent #3 (into a walkie-talkie): "Found her."

The agent escorts the young Asian girl out into the dining room.

Agent #1: "Maxine Bennett, you're under arrest for involuntary servitude."

Bree and the lady next to her appear to be in shock.

Agent #4 (to the Asian girl): "Is this the woman that locked you up?"

The girl nods and begins to speak in Chinese.

Maxine, in handcuffs, begins screaming in Chinese, cursing at the young girl.

The agents escort them both out.

Lady #1: "Bree, what's going on?"

Bree: "Well, I'm not sure, but I think Maxine had a slave."

Lady #1: "I can't believe it. I just can't believe it!"

Bree picks up her fork and continues eating.

"But Bree could. You see for her, the proof was in the pudding."

Bree eats and smiles.

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane Park - Daytime

A young boy and an elderly man are playing chess.

Boy: "Checkmate."

"The world is filled with unlikely friendships."

Man: "Ah. Terrific!"

The elderly man musses the young boy's hair affectionately.

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

The mailman is petting a dog. The dog is licking the mailman.

"Odd pairings that to the casual observer..."

Wisteria Lane Park - Daytime

A woman in a beautiful suit is sitting having tea next to a heavily tattooed man in his undershirt having a beer.

"...make absolutely no sense at all. But if you look closer..."

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

The street above Susan's home. Susan and Edie are walking very quickly across the street.

"...we can see why these alliances form. After all, a shared purpose can give even mortal enemies common ground."

Susan and Edie walk very quickly to Bree who gets out of her car and begins unloading groceries.

Susan: "Bree. We have a questions for you."

Bree: "Oh, what is it?"

Susan: "Well, we were just wondering actually, we were curious about, uh..."

Edie: "What the hell is going on with you and Betty Applewhite?"

Susan: "Yeah, that."

Bree: "Excuse me?"

Edie: "Well from the day that dead body showed up nobody was yelling, Oh, the Applewhites are involved,' louder than you. And then the next thing we know you are having Betty over for poker? What gives?"

Susan: "She makes it sound like we're angry and we're not angry."

Edie: "I'm a little angry."

Bree: "Can we talk about this later? I, I have ice cream in here."

Bree begins walking away.

Edie: "Bree, could this flip-flop have something to do with the fact that Danielle is dating Matthew?"

Bree stops and turns toward them.

Edie ( to Susan ): "Knew that would get her."

Bree: "Who told you that?"

Edie: "Mrs. McCluskey. She saw them making out in the park."

Susan: "Edie!"

Edie: "What?"

Susan: "Can't you sugar coat it a little?"

Edie: "I did! He had his hand down her shirt."

Susan: "Bree, we know that you have a good reason for wanting Betty to hang out with us. We just wondered if you could clue us in a little."

Bree: "When it comes to Betty Applewhite, I know what I'm doing. And you two are just gonna have to trust me. And if you can't do that, then perhaps I've overestimated the depths of our friendship. Now if you'll excuse me."

Bree stomps away.

Edie: "What a bitch!"

Susan: "Edie, can you...?"

Edie: "I was sugar coating it!"

Advertising Agency

Tom enters, carrying several large advertising campaign boards. He sees Lynette, walks up behind her, and kisses her neck.

Lynette: "Oh! Hey, none of that in here!"

Tom: "Come on, maybe if we remind Ed that I'm shacking up with the Senior V.P., they'll stop killing all my pitches."

Lynette: "You've only been here a week, why don't you give yourself a break?"

Tom: "Honey, you know the ad game. I've only got a certain amount of time to make my mark before he kicks me to the curb! Look, I'm just asking you to jump in once in a while, throw me some rope. You know when Ed's on the warpath."

Lynette: "I can't protect you. You're gonna have to find a way to click with Ed yourself."

Conference Room

Tom is presenting his campaign to the staff.

Tom: "And then the pig, he rubs his stomach and he goes, Snort, snort. Farm Fresh, buddy, will make a piggy out of you, too.'"

Lynette laughs politely. Ed frowns.

Ed: "So, the pig actually eats the bacon?"

Tom: "Uh huh, yeah."

Ed: "I don't see the client doing a happy dance over the whole cannibalism theme."

Lynette: "Well, Tom, why don't you pitch him the other idea you came up with last night? You know the one people love bacon so much they want to keep it a secret."

Ed: "What, like a secret underground society of bacon eaters?"

Tom: "Well, at my college fraternity where, you know, everybody wanted in, but we only took the coolest guys."

Ed: "What, you were Greek?"

Tom: "Yeah, Alpha Tai Omega."

Ed: "I was Phi Kappa."

Tom: "You?"

Ed: "And I don't remember you having to be that cool to play JTL."

Tom: "Look, if I had a nickel for every Phi Kap that I tied naked to a freeway sign..."

Ed: "Scavo, if you were my pledge, I'd have made you my bitch."

Tom: "Oh you think so?"

Ed: "You know what? I'm liking this whole fraternity angle. Yeah! Let's talk about it over lunch. You're buying."

Ed gets up and leaves the room. Tom looks at Lynette, who smiles at him.

Lynette: "Go!"

Gabrielle's Front Yard - Daytime

Carlos and Father Crowley are standing on the lawn talking as Gabrielle drives into her driveway.

Father Crowley: "Thank for your help."

Carlos: "Ah, anytime."

Gabrielle walks up to them.

Gabrielle: "Hello. What's going on?"

Father Crowley: "Gabrielle, I want you to meet someone. This is Xiao Mei."

Carlos: "She's the young lady who was forced to work for Maxine Bennett."

Gabrielle: "Oh, the slave. Wow, looks well-fed."

Father Crowley: "The church is making arrangements for her to return to China, but until then she needs a place to stay."

Carlos: "So I offered up our guest room."

Gabrielle: "Really! Baby, can I talk to you for a second?"

Gabrielle pulls Carlos away from them.

Gabrielle: "Are you nuts?"

Carlos: "It's only for a couple of days."

Gabrielle: "Oh, this time! You are quickly becoming Father Crowley's go-to guy for charity cases."

Carlos: "And that's a bad thing?"

Gabrielle: "When he turns our house into a Catholic underground railroad, yes."

Carlos: "You know who you are, Gaby? You're the kind of person who would have turned away Mary and Joseph from the inn."

Gabrielle: "Well, they should have called ahead."

Gabrielle gets back into her car and drives away.

Bree's Dining Room

Danielle is sitting at the table, combing her hair. Bree walks in with plates of food.

Bree: "Don't brush your hair at the table."

Danielle: "Are you talking to me? Does this mean you've finally forgiven me?"

Bree: "Why should I? You betrayed this family and you're not even sorry."

Danielle: "Don't be such a drama queen."

Bree grabs the brush from Danielle.

Bree: "If the Applewhites go to the police and tell them that your brother ran over Mrs. Solis, he could go to prison. How can you not understand that?"

Danielle: "They won't talk about Andrew as long as you don't go to the police about Caleb."

Bree: "What does Caleb do exactly? And why on earth are they hiding him?"

Danielle: "Why don't you go to Mrs. Applewhite and tell her you really need to know what's going on? I bet if you were really nice, she'd tell you the truth."

Bree: "Is that what you really think Danielle? I should go to Mrs. Applewhite, be nice, and then she'll hand over all her secrets?"

Danielle: "Yeah."

Bree: "When I was young, my stepmother told me that I very lucky. I possessed beauty, wit, cunning, and insight. These were weapons all women needed to survive in the world."

Danielle: "So?"

Bree: "So take good care of your looks, Danielle. You don't have any other weapons at your disposal."

Bree hands the brush back to Danielle.

Edie's House

Susan is knocking at the front door. Karl answers.

Susan: "Hi. I need an operation on my spleen and I just found out I don't have medical insurance. Is there anyone I can sue?"

Edie's Living Room

Susan: "After the embezzlement, Lonnie let the policy lapse and now he's in jail and I'm going to die."

Karl: "Suzy, you're not going to die. I'll get into it with the insurance company."

Susan: "No, there isn't time for you to deal with the red tape. My spleen is going to go careening into my heart. I need that operation now!"

Edie enters the room.

Karl: "Yeah, I'd loan you the money myself, but Edie and I just plopped down our savings on a ski condo."

Susan: "I don't need a loan. I need coverage. I mean, what if there are complications? I don't have a safety net. Oh, please."

Edie: "What in the hell are you doing?"

Susan: "I'm saying a little prayer."

Edie: "Oh for puke's sake."

Susan: "Well, what? I'm desperate here. Do you have any other ideas?"

Edie: "As a matter of fact, I do. What you need is a husband."

Susan: "What?"

Edie: "The only way to get a good health plan is to marry into one."

Karl: "Edie, come on."

Susan: "No, no. I think she's onto something."

Edie: "Yeah, if we find a guy with the right plan, you could have a sham wedding on a Monday night and be fully covered Tuesday morning."

Karl: "I can't believe you are actually considering this."

Susan: "The surgeon is slicing me open a week from tomorrow. What other choice do I have?"

Edie: "All we have to do is find a guy who is willing to marry you. You know, come to think of it, a little prayer might not be such a bad idea after all."

Advertising Agency

The staff is sitting around the conference table. Lynette speaks into the intercom.

Lynette: "Pat, we're all here. So send the call in as soon as you get it."

Tom is tossing M&Ms into the air and catching them in his mouth.

Ed: "Two hundred bucks says you can't do that three times in a row."

Tom: "Huh?"

Ed: "You catch three of those, two hundred bucks. What do you say there, Scavo?"

Tom: "You're on."

Tom grabs three M&Ms and gets ready to toss them.

Tom: "Here we go."

Ed: "Ah-ah-ah-ah! Thrown by me."

Lynette: "I'm sorry, I thought we were here to talk about the farm fresh rollout?"

Tom (to Ed): "They gotta be catchable, big guy."

Ed: "You just let me worry about the shooting."

Tom and Ed stand at either end of the table.

Tom: "Come on."

Ed tosses one and Tom catches it in his mouth.

Tom: "That's one."

Lynette: "Guys..."

Ed tosses to the side, Tom moves over, and catches it.

Ed: "Oh! Nice moves."

Tom: "One more, big guy."

Lynette: "Guys, please, that's...all right."

Ed throws the last candy hard and hits Tom in the face.

Tom: "Ow!"

Coworker: "Oh!"

Everyone but Lynette laughs.

Tom: "Ow, that wasn't even catchable!"

Ed: "Yeah, well, maybe not, but it's totally worth the two hundred bucks."

Ed hands Tom the money and rubs the top of his head.

Ed: "Woo!"

Tom: "Well, you got me."

Ed: "You're a regular little monkey man! Oh, I love this guy."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle enters. Xiao Mei is sitting at the table, sewing.

Gabrielle: "Oh. hi. Do you have to sit around all day? I mean, shouldn't you be out experiencing western civilization while you have the chance? What are you doing?"

Xiao Mei: "I fix."

Gabrielle: "No, this is couture! This rip has to be fixed by an experienced tailor. You can't just...holy crap! This stitching is perfect!"

Xiao Mei: "Hungry?"

Xiao Mei pulls Gabrielle into the kitchen. The counter is full of food.

Gabrielle: "Did you make all of this? Oh! For me? Okay."

She takes a puff off of the plate that Xiao Mei is holding in front of her.

Gabrielle: "Oh, my god!"

Xiao Mei: "You like?"

Gabrielle: "I like a lot."

Gabrielle's Bedroom

Gabrielle is eating off a plate when Carlos climbs on the bed behind her and kisses her.

Carlos: "You like that?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah, that's nice. Do you know what they do to people in China who speak out against the government?"

Carlos contiunes kissing Gabrielle.

Carlos: "Mmm?"

Gabrielle: "They put them in forced labor camps. Isn't that awful?"

Carlos takes the plate from Gabrielle and puts it aside.

Carlos: "Mm hmm."

Gabrielle: "You know what I mean? It's such a repressive regime. We forget how good we have it."

Carlos kisses Gabrielle and begins undressing her.

Carlos: "Yes, we do."

Gabrielle: "Don't you think Xiao Mei would like it better here in America? I mean, where she could learn about freedom and democracy and stuff?"

Carlos: "Does this have anything to do with you making Xiao Mei do housework?"

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "I just came from downstairs and found her waxing the floor. She told me you asked her to put on two coats."

Gabrielle: "Well, first of all, that was her idea. Second of all, I can't have this conversation until you've tasted her crab puffs."

Carlos: "Hmm."

Gabrielle begins kissing and undressing Carlos.

Carlos: "Mmm. She just got done being a slave. I mean, she wants to go back to China and we can't force her to stay here and be our maid."

Gabrielle: "Well, who's forcing her? We'll pay her whatever she wants. And the best part is, with her resum, any wage would look good."

Carlos: "No way, baby."

Gabrielle: "Hmm."

Carlos: "What?"

Carlos reaches for Gabrielle and she slaps his hand and walks away from him.

Carlos: "What, so you don't get what you want, you just walk off and pout?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, this isn't about me. This is about our great nation and I have no intention of sexually satisfying a man who isn't willing to stand up for and help spread the ideals and values of the United States of America."

Diner

Edie is sitting with a nice looking man.

Edie: "Sometimes she is a little hard to stomach, but she means well."

Gary: "That's, that's..."

Susan: "Hi!"

Edie: "Oh, here she is."

Susan: "I came as soon as I got your message. Is this...?"

Edie: "This is Gary Grantham, your future ex-husband."

Susan: "Wow, nice to meet you."

Gary: "Hi."

Edie: "Okay, listen, um, I've got to meet a client. I've got to go, so just talk amongst yourselves, and you two make a very handsome couple."

Susan: "Oh."

Gary: "Yeah. Uh, hi."

Susan: "Hi."

Gary: "So, do you wanna get married on Wednesday? 'Cause Thursday and Friday I'm out of town."

Susan: "Oh! Oh, yeah sure, that's, Wednesday's great. Well, I'm, I'm just curious. How did Edie convince you to do this so quickly?"

Gary: "Well, she explained your situation to me. I'm sort of in need of a fake bride myself, so I figured, what the heck?"

Susan: "Why would you need a fake bride?"

Gary: "I'm gay and I've never come out to my mother."

Susan: "Really?"

Gary: "Yeah. At first, I just didn't want to upset her. Then she got older, she got emphysema and diverticulitis, and I started thinking, if I just kept my mouth shut, then one day nature would take its course and we could avoid what is sure to be a very ugly scene."

Susan: "So what changed?"

Gary: "She told me at her eighty-first birthday party last month the only reason she's hanging on is to see me get married."

Susan: "Oh. Oh, so by marrying me..."

Gary: "Yeah, I'd get my inheritance that much sooner. No, but mostly, I wanna make sure she's happy. Well, you seem very nice, Susan. Uh, it will be a pleasure being married to you."

Susan: "Uh, likewise."

Gary: "Here, you can finish the rest of the fries."

He gets up and leaves.


Noah's House

Noah is sitting in a wheelchair reading. Nurse Tilman enters.

Felicia Tilman: "Here's your mail and your pills."

Noah: "Ugh. More pills."

Noah opens a card.

Noah: "Miss Tilman?"

Felicia: "Hmm?"

Noah: "Where did this come from?"

Felicia: "I don't know. It was in with your other mail."

He looks at the card again. It reads "You have a grandchild."

Noah: "Get me the phone." (into the phone) "Sullivan, it's me. I just got some news, and I need to get you involved. Looks like Delfino's been holding out on me."

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

"The next morning, Bree came up with a plan to get to the truth she so desperately needed."

Bree, looking out her window, watches as Betty and Matthew drive away.

"As she watched the Applewhites leave their house, she thought of how much she had trusted the previous owners."

Bree opens her closet. Many keys, neatly labeled, hang on the inside of the door. She takes the key marked "Mullins."

"And how much they had trusted her."

Betty's House

Bree enters the house using the key. She is carrying a few food dishes. She hears a noise on the stairs.

Bree: "Caleb? Is that you?"

Caleb peeks down the stairs.

Bree: "Hi. I'm Bree. I live down the street. I'm a friend of your mother's."

Caleb: "She's not home."

Bree: "I know. Um, I came to see you."

Caleb: "Me?"

Bree: "Yes. Your mother told me all about you and I thought it might be nice if, um, we had a little visit. I brought you some homemade cobbler."

Caleb smiles.

Advertising Agency

Lynette, at her desk, hears cheering and clapping. She gets up to see what is going on.

Tom: "Oh, la, la, la, la, la. Right here. Follow the doughnut, people."

Tom is holding a doughnut with a crowd of people following him.

Tom: "Here we go. We got some people. Come on, come on. Hey, hey!"

Lynette ( to Pat ): "What's going on?"

Pat: "Well, um, Ed bet Tom that he wouldn't eat doughnut out of the toilet. Isn't it disgusting?"

Bathroom Stall

Tom is standing over the toilet with the crowd and Ed watching.

Ed: "Ah, ah. It's gotta be fully dunked. Now, I don't want the glaze to repel the water."

Tom: "Whoa, slight delay, people. I'm requesting a scrub down. Does anybody know where they keep the toilet brush?"

Lynette grabs Tom and pulls him out.

Lynette: "Just for one second, okay? Just for one second. Hey, I never thought I'd have to ask you this, but are you about to eat a doughnut out of the toilet?"

Tom: "Yeah! For the Galveston Jewelers account."

Lynette: "I don't care! You're not gonna do this!"

Tom: "Look, Lynette, you're the one who told me to find a way to click with Ed. Well, now we've got our thing, and it's paying off for me!"

Lynette: "That's because Ed gets off on humiliating you. Please, don't do this!"

Ed sticks his head out of the bathroom.

Ed: "We're waiting, Scavo!"

Crowd: "Tom, Tom, Tom!"

Ed: "Okay, okay, what now?"

Tom: "This is my moment."

Tom goes back into the bathroom to cheering and clapping.

Betty's Kitchen

Bree is looking at a old photo album as Caleb eats the cobbler.

Bree: "So, Caleb, besides your mother and brother, does anybody else know that you're here?"

Caleb: "No. You're pretty."

Bree: "Thank you. That's very sweet. So, where have you been living this whole time? Upstairs?"

Caleb: "No. I just moved upstairs. My room's downstairs."

Bree: "Downstairs?"

Caleb: "In the basement. You wanna see it?"

Betty's Basement

Caleb opens the door to what used to be his room. Bree goes inside.

Bree: "Caleb, have you been down here all these months?"

Caleb: "Yeah."

She points at the shakles on the bed.

Bree: "Did your mother make you wear those?"

Caleb: "Most of the time."

Bree: "Oh, my god! Sweetheart, I don't understand. Why in the world would your mother treat you that way?"

Caleb: "I hurt a girl."

Bree: "A girl?"

Caleb: "Yeah. And then she died."

Bree: "Oh."

Caleb: "Her name was Melanie. She was pretty. Just like you."

Mike's Driveway - Daytime

Susan walks up as Mike is working on his truck.

Susan: "Hi. I thought you should know I'm getting married."

Mike: "To the doctor?"

Susan: "No! No. No, to, to a gay guy. How did you know about the doctor?"

Mike: "People talk. So you, you're marrying a gay guy?"

Susan: "I need health insurance, um, 'cause I've got this wandering spleen and that sounds funny, "spleen wandering," but, actually, it's not funny 'cause it can bang into things so I need health insurance, so I'm getting married tomorrow. And you probably think I'm crazy, right?"

Mike: "Well, can it wait? Um, the surgery?"

Susan: "No. It can't wait."

Mike: "I guess it's really not that crazy."

A car door slams. Mike turns and see Detective Sullivan approaching.

Detective Sullivan: "How you doing, ma'am?"

Mike: "Susan, can you just give me a minute?"

Susan: "Oh, yeah. No, I'm sorry. That was really it."

Susan walks away.

Mike: "What do you want?"

Detective Sullivan: "It's not what I want, Delfino. It's what Noah Taylor wants. Where's his grandkid? Let's skip the part where you don't know anything about anything. Mr. Taylor wants to chat."

Mike: "What if I say no?"

Detective Sullivan: "Then I've gotta find the kid myself, and my guess is, he or she is somewhere around here close. Your old girlfriend... she's got a daughter, right? Maybe I should start by paying her a visit."

Mike: "Her daughter's not the one."

Detective Sullivan: "Yeah, well, given your track record, I might wanna check that out for myself."

Mike: "Tell him I'll be there in the morning."

Gabrielle's Bedroom

Xiao Mei is combing Gabrielle's hair. She sees Gabrielle's open jewelry case.

Xiao Mei: "Oh! So pretty."

Gabrielle: "You like nice things? That's why I think you're stupid, for not wanting to stay here. You could be around my nice things all the time, taking care of them...how fun would that be? Well, I'm sure it's a lot more fun than you'd have in that tiny, godforsaken village of yours. You know, we're probably more alike than people would guess. I'm from a small town, too. My folks had nothing. That's why I love America. Anything is possible."

Xiao Mei looks at a bracelet.

Xiao Mei: "Oh..."

Gabrielle: "Hmm, you like that? An old, fat stockbroker gave this to me. It's not worth anything. You can have it."

Gabrielle puts it on Xiao Mei's wrist.

Xiao Mei: "Oh! Oh!"

She begins speaking Chinese and hugs Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "It's okay. Glad you like it. You can brush my hair."

Xiao Mei: "Oh!"

Outside The Wedding Chapel - Daytime

Gary is standing, waiting. A couple come out the door.

Woman: "I loved it!"

Man: "It was nice."

Susan pulls up.

Susan: "Hi."

Gary: "Hi. Hi. Uh, this is the best I could do on such short notice."

Susan: "Okay."

They enter. A man is standing inside, holding a wedding cake.

Gary: "Oh, uh, Susan, this is, uh, my best man, Steven. He's also my life partner."

Susan: "Oh, hi. It's nice to meet you."

Steven stares at Susan.

Gary: "Baby, be, be nice. Come on."

Steven: "I'm sorry you have cancer."

Susan: "Cancer?"

Steven: "Isn't that the point of this whole charade? Gary said you needed insurance."

Susan: "Oh, yes. No, no, I do need insurance. I just don't have cancer. I have a wandering spleen."

Gary: "I said it was like cancer."

Susan: "Is there a problem?"

Gary: "No. No, everything's fine. Uh, let's just go to the chapel. Shall we?"

Steven: "I made a wedding cake. I hope you enjoy it."

He shoves it into Susan's hands.

Susan: "Oh! Uh..."

Wedding Chapel

Susan and Gary are standing at the altar. Steven is sitting on the bench behind them.

Minister: "So, are we ready to get started?"

Gary: "Oh, do you have a thing to play music? I had Steven burn a little wedding mix for us for ambience."

Minister: "Sure, just, um, give me a sec."

Gary (to Steven): "Do you have a problem?"

Steven: "You said she was sick."

Gary: "She is. She has a wandering spleen."

Steven: "It sounds nothing like cancer. It doesn't even sound real."

Susan: "Well, it is. I could die."

Steven: "You look fine to me, honey."

Gary: "Don't do this."

Steven: "I have asked you six times to fly with me to Holland to get married and you always have some lame excuse. But the second some chick with a silly disease comes along, you drop everything and head for a chapel."

Susan: "Oh, no, it's a serious illness. See, it just sounds silly 'cause of the word spleen."

Gary: "What do you want from me?"

Steven: "I want you to worry about my feelings half as much as you worry about your mother's!"

Gary: "What is it gonna take to make you happy? Not go through with the wedding? Is that what you're asking?"

Susan: "Oh, oh! No, no, stop right there. Okay, I would love to see you two crazy kids get hitched in Holland more than anyone, with the tulips and the clogs in front of a windmill, the whole shebang. But unless I get this surgery, my spleen is going to slam straight into my heart and explode. So, you know, seeing as I am just a nice person and I always support gay rights, let's just do this. And then I'll have a husband and insurance. Nobody gets hurt."

Steven turns and walks out of the chapel.

Gary: "Steven, why, Steven! It's just..."

Susan: "Yeah."

Gary: "I'm so sorry. My hands are tied. I'm really sorry."

Gary chases after Steven.

Gary: "Steven, wait. Steven, where are you going?"

Minister: "Oh, finally got the sound system working. Where's the groom?"

Outside Susan's House

Susan is sitting on the porch, eating the wedding cake that Steven made. Karl approaches.

Karl: "Hey, Susie Q. What's wrong? For a newlywed, you don't have much spring in your step."

Susan: "I didn't get married."

Karl: "Really?"

Susan: "We got to the altar, but the whole fake wedding thing sort of imploded."

Karl: "Wow. I'm sorry."

Susan: "I still don't have insurance. I need to get that operation. I'm, I'm really screwed."

Karl: "Well, why don't I just marry you?"

Susan: "What?"

Karl: "I've got a fantastic health plan. You'd be covered instantly."

Susan: "But we were actually married."

Karl: "Look, Susie, I've always felt awful about walking out on you the way I did. And I figure, if we do this, I'd basically be saving your life. I figure I owe you one."

Susan: "Karl..."

He gets on one knee.

Karl: "So, what do you say? Will you marry me, Susan Mayer? Again?"

Susan: "What the hell?"

Karl: "Cool!"

Susan: "What are we gonna do about Edie?"

Karl: "We can't tell her."

Susan: "She'd kill us both."

Karl: "It'll be our little secret."

Gabrielle's House

Xiao Mei is packed and ready to leave. Father Crowley and the translator are waiting at the door for her.

Carlos: "We've really enjoyed having you as a guest. Right, Gaby?"

Gabrielle: "Absolutely. Xiao Mei, you are a very special girl, so, so you take care, okay?"

Xiao Mei hugs Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "Oh!"

Xiao Mei touches the bracelet Gabrielle gave her and looks at her affectionately.

Father Crowley: "Thanks for all your help, Carlos."

Carlos: "My pleasure, Father. Bye bye."

Father Crowley: "Ladies?"

They leave and Carlos closes the door.

Carlos: "Please don't tell me you're crying just because you can't have the maid you want."

Gabrielle: "Carlos, she wouldn't have been just a maid. She would have been the best damn maid ever."

Carlos: "God, you're pathetic."

Gabrielle: "Shut up."

Carlos looks outside.

Carlos: "Hey, something's going on."

Xiao Mei and the translator are arguing. Xiao Mei is tugging her suitcase away from the translator.

Translator: "Father Crowley, Xiao Mei, Xiao Mei!"

She begins speaking Chinese.

Carlos and Gabrielle go outside.

Carlos: "Is there a problem?"

Father Crowley: "Well, Xiao Mel doesn't want to go back to China. She wants to stay here and work for you."

Carlos: "What? Why?"

Xiao Mei says something in Chinese.

Translator: "She says Mrs. Solis treated her with more kindness than she's ever known. She now thinks of you two as family."

Gabrielle: "Oh, really? Oh, of course you can stay! Oh!"

Carlos: "Gaby..."

Gabrielle: "Carlos, she thinks of us as family."

Gabrielle leads Xiao Mei back into the house.

Advertising Agency

Tom and Lynette are working on campaigns. Ed sticks his head in.

Ed: "I'm ready to hear those farm fresh concepts. Conference room in five Toilet Boy!"

Lynette: "You are so not allowed to complain to me."

Tom: "I know. You were right, okay? So now I'm known throughout the advertising world as Toilet Boy."

Lynette: "Tell him you're done with the games. You don't wanna play anymore."

Tom: "No, no, no, I can't. I can't. If I back down now, he'll see it as a sign of weakness. Look, this is the way that guys do business."

Lynette: "But!"

Tom: "So, you called it. He made me his bitch."

Ed's Office

Lynette walks in.

Lynette: "Here you go."

Ed: "Oh."

Lynette: "You know, Ed, I've been thinking. We've had a lot of fun and games around here lately, but maybe it's time to set a slightly more professional tone in the office."

Ed: "Oh, I get it. Somebody went running to mommy, didn't he, huh?"

Lynette: "What?"

Ed: "Tom loses a few bets, so he tries to get his wife to make me back off? Oh, this is so Alpha Tai. I am gonna make him pay."

Lynette: "No. No, you're not gonna make him pay. You are gonna stop this now."

Ed: "This is my company. If people wanna work here, they play by my rules."

Lynette: "Ed!"

Ed: "What?"

Lynette: "I'm calling you out."

Ed: "Huh?"

Lynette: "Yes, you're right. This is your company, so I'll play by your rules. What do I have to do to get you to stop this frat boy crap? Shave my eyebrows? Come to work naked? Name your stakes."

Ed: "I don't have time for this."

Lynette: "Aw, what's wrong, Ed? You afraid a Phi Kap's gonna get beaten by a girl? Come on, big man, it's just a little bet."

Advertising Agency

Everyone is gathered around. Ed sets up a small table in the center of the room.

Ed: "As you know, I think that making the workplace fun is good for morale. But Lynette here thinks that our shenanigans have gotten a little out of hand."

Crowd: "Oh. Boo"

Ed: "Oh, hold on. Hold on. I respect Lynette's work ethic. So we've decided to settle the matter with a little test of intestinal fortitude. If she can eat one pound of our client's fine, farm-fresh pork product, raw, there'll be a moratorium on wagering in the office."

Ed place a plate of raw bacon on the table in front of Lynette.

Tom: "I know you are doing this for me. You don't need to do this. I don't need you fighting my fights."

Lynette: "I am not fighting your fights. This is my fight. This is how guys do business, right?"

Worker #1: "Oh, I gotta see this."

Lynette rolls up one piece of raw bacon and lifts it toward her mouth.

Worker #2: "This is so disgusting."

Worker #3: "We're counting on you."

Ed: "While we're young."

Lynette puts the raw bacon into her mouth and chews. The crowd winces.

Ed: "No shame in defeat, Lynette. No shame at all."

Lynette swallows and the crowd applauds. She rolls up her second piece and raises it to her mouth.

Worker #3: "Oh, she's gonna do it. Oh! Oh, yes! Oh!"

Piece after piece goes into Lynette's mouth. As she continues, Lynette almost gags as she forces the meat into her mouth.

Coworker: "Oh, this is too much."

Ed: "What? She took the bet. What? This is fun, people."

Worker #3: "She's got one more."

Lynette rolls up the last piece of bacon. She looks ready to vomit. She puts it into the mouth and chews and swallows. She opens her mouth and Ed looks inside for traces of any meat.

Lynette: "So, can this be a place of business again, Ed? No more games?"

Ed: "Sure. You sucked all the fun out of it anyway."

Worker #1: "Lynette..."

Worker #3: "I gotta go back to work."

Tom: "That was really something."

Lynette: "Thanks. Could you scrounge me up a bucket?"

Bree's House

Betty knocks at the door.

Betty: "Caleb said a nice, red-haired lady came to visit him."

Bree: "Come on in, Betty. Get you a drink?"

Betty: "This is not a social call, Bree! Did you or did you not break into my home and talk to my son?"

Bree: "Caleb and I had, uh, a very lovely chat. Yes."

Betty: "If you ever come near him again, there will be hell to pay. Do you understand?"

Bree: "Aren't you gonna ask me what we talked about? The name, um, Melanie Foster came up. I'm gonna pour you a drink now, Betty, because we're about to have a very honest discussion, and I think you're gonna need a little help getting through it."

Noah's House

Noah lies in bed. Mike stands at the foot of the bed.

Mike: "His name's Zach Young. He lives with his father. Mother committed suicide about a year ago."

Noah: "How did he end up with these people?"

Mike: "How do you think? Deirdre was strung out, Noah. She gave him up."

Noah: "I wanna see this boy."

Mike: "Well, he's got a new family now. I can't just snap my fingers and get him in here."

Noah: "Maybe not, but I can snap my fingers and Detective Sullivan can make it happen."

Mike: "You don't wanna do that."

Noah: "No?"

Mike: "Is that really the way you wanna meet him, have that thug drag him in here so grandpa can give him a hug?"

Noah: "Fine. You bring him. I'll give you two days. As you know, I'm on a bit of a clock here."

Mrs. Tilman sits in another room, listening to the conversation on an intercom.

Bree's Dining Room

Betty: "When Caleb was born and the doctors discovered that he was different, I didn't even cry. It was the most painful moment of my life. I didn't shed a single tear. I just thought to myself, what's the point? He is my son, and I have to raise him as best I can. Now that's my job. In a lot of ways, I feel so blessed. Caleb is challenged, but he has such a sweet nature. I'm sure you noticed that when you came to visit."

Bree: "Yes, I did. I also noticed that you had him chained in the basement."

Betty: "That's because of Melanie Foster. Melanie was a girl that Matthew dated. She was a debutante. And like typical teenagers, their relationship was full of drama. They were always breaking up and getting back together and breaking up. One night, after one of their big blow-ups, Caleb somehow convinced Melanie to meet him down at our local lumberyard. I can only imagine that she thought he was bringing some kind of apology from Matthew, but he wasn't. Caleb told Melanie he was in love with her, and that if he was her boyfriend, he would never break up with her and she laughed in his face. He tried to show her he was serious by kissing her and she hit him. He doesn't remember a lot of what happened after that, but he, he does know that he got very, very angry and that there was an ax lying on the ground nearby him. Yes, my Caleb killed Melanie, but I couldn't let him go to jail or worse, be put down, for what was really my crime."

Bree: "Your crime?"

Betty: "It was my responsibility. I was supposed to protect him from himself. I am his mother. That was my job."

Bree reaches over and holds Betty's hand.

"The world is filled with unlikely friendships."

Gabrielle's House

Xiao Mei is hemming a dress Gabrielle is trying on. Gabrielle smiles down on her.

"How do they begin? With one person desperately in need and another willing to lend a helping hand."

Outside Susan's House

Susan is getting her mail. She sees Karl and Edie on a bike together.

"When such kindness is offered, we're finally able to see the worth of those we had previously written off."

Edie: "Woo!"

Advertising Agency

Ed and Tom are in his office. They high-five each other as Lynette looks on, smiling.

"And before we know it, a bond has formed, regardless of whether others can understand it."

Outside Betty's House - Daytime

Matthew and Danielle are kissing behind a tree.

"Yes, unlikely friendships start up every day. No one understands this more than the lonely."

Caleb is looking out his window watching them.

"In fact, it's what they count on."

Susan is sitting at the table smiling and doodling a picture of a stickman hanging in a noose.

"Susan Mayer had always believed the punishment should fit the crime."

Flashback - Susan's Laundry Room

"She first came to this conclusion when she discovered her husband Karl had been unfaithful."

Susan takes Karl's shirt out of the dryer and finds lipstick on the collar.

Flashback - Susan's Garage

"Since Karl had destroyed the love she had given him..."

Susan puts Karl's trophy in a vise and starts pounding it with a hammer.

Flashback - Susan's Backyard

A pair of men's dress shoes are on a barbeque. Susan sprays lighter fluid onto the shoes. They burst into flames and Susan smiles.

"Susan felt it was only appropriate she destroy the things he loved in return..."

Flashback - Susan's Car

Susan runs over Karl's golf clubs carefully placed on the curb so each is bent in half.

"...one by one."

Susan smiles as she crushes them.

Present - Susan's Dining Room

"But now, three years after their divorce, Susan was reunited with Karl once again..."

Susan is still sitting at the table, doodling and smiling.

Karl: "Susan, are you listening to me?"

"As partners in a crime of their own."

Karl: "This is insurance fraud. We could both go to jail. Now we can't tell anyone we're getting married.

Susan: "I know. I was listening to you."

Julie is sitting at the table with Susan and Karl.

Karl: "Now the pre-nup's all set. You can sign it at the courthouse."

Susan: "Eleven-thirty, Wednesday morning. Right?"

Karl: "Right. And your surgery's still on for Thursday?"

Susan: "Yep."

Karl: "Good. The insurance kicks in the minute we say I do.' You're set to go."

Julie: "I know no one's asking me, but I think this whole thing is a tragic mistake and I just don't have it in me to survive another ugly divorce."

Susan: "Don't worry, honey. This time, it is strictly a business arrangement."

Julie: "It better be, 'cause if I see so much as one lingering gaze between the two of you, I swear I'll go to the insurance company and turn you in."

Julie walks upstairs.

Susan: "So, we shouldn't expect a wedding gift, huh?"

Karl: "Oh, can you grab me your wedding ring? I wanna get it cleaned before the ceremony."

Susan: "Uh, is that really necessary? I mean, do we have to do the whole ring thing?"

Karl: "Of course we do. It's gotta look believable."

Susan: "Yeah, okay. Well, I'll just grab something out of my jewelry box."

Karl: "Susan, that ring was my grandmother's. One day it's gonna be Julie's. Where is it?"

Susan: "I don't know exactly."

Karl: "That was a family heirloom. I trusted you with it."

Susan: "Well, I trusted you not to cheat on me and break my heart."

Karl: "Oh, my god. Oh, my god. What, what did you do with it?"

Susan: "I threw it out my car window somewhere on route seven."

Karl: "What? When?"

Susan: "The night you abandoned me."

Karl: "Suz"

Susan: "Karl, you are so not allowed to get angry. I mean, I might've been the one to throw away the wedding ring, but you threw away the whole marriage. There was plenty of bad behavior that went on back then, so just get off your high horse. We're on the same page now, so we should just focus on that."

Highway

Susan is running a metal detector over the brush on the side of the road as Karl stands by his car watching her.

"Yes, Susan Mayer believed the punishment should fit the crime."

Susan: "Karl, I think there might be snakes in here."

Karl: "We're not leaving here until you find that ring."

"But for that matter, so did Karl."

Opening Credits

Leonardo's Bar and Grille

A waiter is singing opera.

"It was a tradition at Leonardo's Bar and Grill, an hour before closing time, a waiter would sing a selection of ridiculously depressing Italian arias."

Bree, all dressed up, sits at a table listening, in tears.

"It was also a tradition that the only customers who would actually listen were the ones already depressed to begin with."

A waiter hands Bree a napkins for her tears.

Bree: "Tony? Do you have to rush off? I thought maybe we could just chat for a minute."

Tony: "So, I haven't seen you in a while."

Bree: "Well, I didn't wanna come here because I was afraid it would drudge up memories of my husband. This was our place. Rex passed away recently. He was, um, murdered by our pharmacist."

Tony: "Wow. I hope you changed pharmacists."

Bree: "I didn't have to. He committed suicide."

Tony: "Look, you've had a little too much wine tonight. How about I call you a cab?"

Bree: "Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm okay."

Tony: "Your car would be safe in our lot, and you can pick it up tomorrow. Please."

Bree: "Well, okay. Tony? How many more arias is he gonna sing?"

Tony: "Five."

Bree: "Oh. In that case, why don't you bring me another bottle of the Pinot Grigio? And please hurry."

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

A cab pulls up in front of Bree's house. Bree gets out. She can barely walk straight. She drops her keys in the grass. She kneels down to pick them up.

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Mrs. McCluskey is out for a morning walk and sees Bree lying face-down on the grass. She kneels next to her and tries to wake her.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Bree? Bree.You okay?"

Mrs. McCluskey gets a wiff of Bree's breath. She gets up and rings Bree's doorbell.

Andrew: "Yes?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Hi. Uh, did you know your mother is asleep on the lawn?"

Andrew: "Oh, wow."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Yeah, well, you don't seem terribly shocked."

Andrew: "Oh, it's, um, it's just, mom drinks, and sometimes she sleeps it off in the weirdest places."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Can I help you with her?"

Andrew: "No. No, it's okay. I, uh, I know how to take care of her."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Well, good luck to you then."

Mrs. McCluskey walks away. Andrew turns on the sprinklers. Bree jumps up, shrieking.

Andrew smiles and walks back into the house. Bree grabs her wrap and runs inside.

Lynette's House - Daytime

Lynette is putting Penny in the playpen while the twins play a portable piano.

Porter: "I wanna play chopsticks."

Preston: "Me too."

Lynette: "You okay?"

The doorbell rings.

Lynette: "I'm coming!"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Hi."

Lynette: "Hi."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Your kids, they have any allergies I should know about?"

Lynette: "Uh, not that I know of. Why?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "'Cause I'm watching them. Tom called, said you both got pulled into work for the weekend, asked me to baby-sit."

Lynette: "Really?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "I thought it'd be nice if I gave 'em back to you alive."

Tom: "Oh, hey, Mrs. McCluskey." (to Lynette) "Sorry, I forgot to tell you."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Hi."

Lynette: "Oh, that's okay. Um, would you excuse me just for a second? I have, uh, a thing."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Sure."

Lynette: "Thanks." (to Tom) "Follow me. You're part of the thing."

They walk into the laundry room.

Lynette: "A million teenagers in this neighborhood and you hire McCluskey?"

Tom: "What's the big deal?"

Lynette: "Well, for starters, she's ancient!"

Tom: "Sh! This is a thin door!"

Lynette: "It was not that long ago that she keeled over in her front yard. A day with our kids will finish the job."

Tom: "It's only for a few hours. Plus, Parker's on a play date with the Farrells, so it's just the twins and Penny."

Lynette: "Just the twins and Penny?"

Tom: "Okay, that was stupid. Let me try that another way. We have to be at work in one hour. There's no day care on the weekends, so you cut McCluskey loose, we're stuck."

Lynette: "We will find someone. Someone who doesn't remember what they were doing the day Lincoln was shot."

Tom: "Fine. Let's go break the news."

They walk back into the living room. Tom keeps walking up the stairs.

Tom: "My wife has something to tell you."

Lynette: "So, here's the deal. Um, there was a little miscommunication and as it turns out, we don't need ya."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Okay. Fine. I'll just go back home."

Lynette: "Okay. Sorry."

Mrs. McCluskey: "By the way, your husband was right. It's a thin door."

Gabrielle's Driveway - Daytime

Gabrielle gets out of her car carrying many shopping bags. She looks up and sees Carlos standing in the window talking to a woman in a towel. She throws the packages down and runs into the house. There is a pitcher of wine and glasses set up in the living room. She runs upstairs.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, what are you doing?"

Lucia: "Hello, Gabriela."

Gabrielle: "Oh. Hi, mom."

Gabrielle's Living Room

Lucia: "I just told Carlos I just had to take a shower. The man next to me on the plane weighed three hundred pounds and he sweated all over me. Ugh, it was so gross."

Gabrielle: "No, I'm just surprised you're here. It's Valentine's Day. Don't you and Mr. Hedgefund have plans? I know Carlos and I do."

Lucia: "No, I left Charles."

Gabrielle: "What? He was worth, like, six million dollars."

Lucia: "Money is not everything, Gabriella."

Gabrielle: "For some people, but we're talking about you now, mother."

Lucia: "You know, I can't believe this, I mean, I just went through a terrible breakup and the least you could do is pretend to care."

Carlos: "Well, of course we feel awful about it, don't we, Gabrielle?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah, we're just sick about it."

Lucia: "Well, don't worry about me. Hmm hmm. I'll be okay. In fact, I bought myself a little gift to take my mind off my problems."

Gabrielle: "Really? What did you buy?"

Lucia stands up and pulls her robe open in front of Gabrielle.

Lucia: "New boobs!"

Gabrielle: "Whoa!"

Lucia: "No peeking, Carlos."

Gabrielle: "Okay, mom, put these away!"

Lucia: "My plastic surgeon gave me a great deal. Aren't they fun? Bye, Carlos."

Lucia goes upstairs. Carlos chuckles.

Carlos: "What? I think she's charming."

Gabrielle: "Okay, you can think she's charming. But don't forget for one second that she is a monster."

Susan's Kitchen - Daytime

Susan is scrubbing a ring with a very small brush.

Julie: "Did you get the gum out from under the diamond?"

Susan: "Mostly."

Dr. Ron comes downstairs.

Dr. Ron: "Morning."

Susan: " Hi! Happy Valentine's Day."

Susan drops the ring in a vase.

Julie: "Dr. Ron, did you spend the night?"

Dr. Ron: "Well, uh, yeah, I got kinda tired after the movie, so I asked"

Susan: "It's okay. She knows that you make house calls."

Dr. Ron: "Oh. Um, so listen, I've got surgery till six. I'll get dressed and I'll pick you up at about seven. We have reservations at Chez Naomi."

Susan: "Great! I'll have a light lunch."

Dr. Ron: "And also, Dr. Cunningham's schedule opened up, so if you'd like, we can move up your surgery to Wednesday."

Susan: "Oh, I have a wedding that day."

Dr. Ron: "On a Wednesday?"

Susan: "Yeah. Uh, Wednesdays are becoming very popular with brides. It's like the new Saturday."

Dr. Ron: "Oh. Okay. Well, I'll see ya tonight. Bye."

Dr. Ron leaves.

Susan: "Your mother is a rotten, sneaky person."

Susan fishes the ring out of the vase.

Julie: "Look, I'm not too crazy about this whole fake marriage thing, but if you don't have that operation, you could die. So don't be so hard on yourself. You are a good person."

Susan: "Thanks, hon. That really helps. Okay, now I want you to go over and slip this ring to your father. And just so you know, if Edie catches you, I'm expecting you to swallow it."

Bree's Kitchen - Daytime

Andrew gets the milk from the refrigerator as Bree walks in wearing her bathrobe.

Andrew: "How's the hangover?"

Bree: "I do not have a hangover, Andrew, because I was not drunk."

Andrew: "Then, uh, how about a little hair of the dog? It'll perk you right up."

He pulls out a bottle of wine.

Bree: "Look, for the record, I had an allergic reaction to my antihistamine medication, so I would appreciate just a little bit of sympathy."

Danielle: "Why can't you just drink alone in your room like Tammy's mom?"

Bree: "For god sakes, it was an honest mistake. I thought I could have just a little bit of wine with dinner, but, apparently, my body couldn't handle it. Fine! If it makes everybody happy, I will just suffer through my sneezing fits and my hives on my own."

She throws the pills into the sink.

Bree: "There. Is that better?"

Andrew: "So basically you would rather drink than to not have allergies?"

The doorbell rings. Bree opens the door.

Lynette: "Hi. Is now a bad time? I could really use a favor."

The twins and Penny in the stroller are standing in front of Lynette.

Paul's House - Daytime

Zach is staring at the wedding picture of his parents.

Paul: "She was beautiful, wasn't she?"

Zach: "Yeah."

Paul: "Come on, sit down. Your breakfast is getting cold."

Zach: "Was my real mother beautiful?"

Paul: "Well, she was, uh, attractive, as I recall."

Zach: "Do I look like her?"

Paul: "I don't know. I, I only met her once."

Zach: "Well, 'cause if I don't look like her, then I might look like my real dad."

Paul: "I'm getting real tired of your morbid fascination with two strangers who didn't love you enough to keep you. So, please, stop asking about them."

Zach: "It's only natural that I'd wanna talk about my birth parents."

Paul: "Well, it may be natural, but it certainly isn't polite."

Noah's Bedroom

Noah is lying in bed looking at the police photos of the bones found in the trunk.

Detective Sullivan: "And once your daughter was dead, they had to get rid of her somehow. That's where the toy chest came in. Flash forward fifteen years, the chest washes on the shore of Rockwater Lake. Any forensic evidence is long gone and the Youngs get away with murder. Now, of course, the wife, Mary Alice, is already dead, but Paul Young's a different matter. If you'd like me to deal with him, just say the word."

Noah: "Delfino's bringing my grandson here. I wanna get the kid something. You know anything about those MP3 things?"

Detective Sullivan: "Yeah, they're real nice. I'd go with that."

Noah: "Ah, he's probably got one already. Paul Young has had sixteen years to get my grandkid anything he wants. Do me a favor, will ya?"

Detective Sullivan: "Yeah."

Noah: "See to it that Paul Young has a toy chest of his very own."

Mrs. Tilman stands outside Noah's door, eavesdropping.

Edie's Living Room

Edie calls up the stairs to Karl, who's lying on the bed, watching TV.

Edie: "Karl!"

Karl: "Yeah?"

Edie: "This place is a freakin' pigsty. Would you get down here and help me?"

Karl: "All right, hold on, it's almost halftime. By the way, I made dinner reservations at Chez Naomi tonight, if that's okay."

Edie: "It's gotta be better than that rathole you took me to New Year's. And don't even think of getting me carnations again. That crap might have flown for Mayer. I actually have taste. Come on! Move it!"

Edie begins straightening up Karl's briefcase and sees the engagement ring and the pre-nup agreement.

Karl: "All right, I'm coming."

Edie runs upstairs.

Edie: "No! No, no, no. Sit and watch the game. I was just giving you a hard time. You've had a tough week."

Bree's House - Daytime

The twins are banging on the portable piano. Bree comes into the room carrying Penny.

Bree: "Boys, can you just keep it down just a little bit? Because I have a very, uh, special type of grown-up headache."

Porter: "We need to see mommy and daddy. We wanna play 'em our song."

Bree: "Honey, you can't. They're at work."

Preston: "Well, can we play it for you?"

They begin banging on the piano. Bree grabs it from them.

Bree: "Sure. Just, just a moment, okay?"

Bree sits down on the couch with a glass of wine and still carrying Penny.

Bree: "Oh. All right, boys, let's have it."

The twins begin banging on the piano and Bree drinks her wine.

Doctor's Office

A doctor is talking with Gabrielle and Carlos.

Doctor: "When I heard that you two wanted to try for another child, I was delighted. But I had some cause for concern. Gabrielle, you suffered some extensive injuries during your fall last month and the test confirmed there are complications."

Gabrielle's Dining Room - Daytime

Gabrielle, her mother, and Carlos are sitting around the table eating as Xiao Mei serves food.

Lucia: "You can't have kids?"

Gabrielle: "Well, the doctor's not a hundred percent positive, but it's very, very iffy."

Lucia: "Carlos, I am so sorry. I know how much you wanted to be a dad."

Carlos: "Thanks."

Gabrielle: "Don't be so suicidal. We can always adopt."

Carlos: "I wanted to have a child of our own. You know that."

Gabrielle: "What does it matter whose D.N.A. it is? The diapers are still gonna smell the same regardless."

Carlos: "I'd just prefer not to adopt. Okay?"

Gabrielle: "Fine. What about surrogacy? I mean, I know it's pricey, but at least the baby would look like us, and I wouldn't get stretch marks. It's a win-win."

Carlos: "Great. So then we have some stranger off the street giving birth to our child. Is that what you really want?"

Gabrielle: "What I want is for you to lighten up. We don't have a lot of options and you're gonna have to pick one."

Lucia: "I, I have a thought. Mm? Well, it's, uh, a little bit controversial, but, uh, go with me. Well, first of all, let me tell you, that I am in the best shape of my life."

Gabrielle: "So?"

Lucia: "So, what if I was your surrogate? Yeah, I know. I know it might sound a little crazy, but I am the only one in the world that you can trust to put the baby's needs first. You know, I'll exercise more, I'll eat better"

Gabrielle: "Mother, no!"

Lucia: "Why?"

Gabrielle: "Off the top of my head, you're on Medicare?"

Lucia: "I am only fifty...one. You know and there's this woman in England last year. She was sixty-three years old and she gave birth to her own grandchild."

Gabrielle: "Look, I don't care if she shot triplets out of her ass. It's not gonna happen. Can you believe this?"

Carlos: "How'd that England baby turn out? I mean, it didn't have, like, a big head or anything, did it?"

Gabrielle: "Carlos, you are not seriously considering this."

Carlos: "Well, think about it, Gaby. This way, the surrogate wouldn't be some impersonal incubator. There'd be a family tie."

Gabrielle: "I have a migraine. I'm gonna go lay down upstairs. Then when I get up, I hope we can all talk about this like rational human beings."

Gabrielle goes upstairs. Gabrielle turns back and sees her mother patting Carlos' arm.

Lucia: "Carlitos, don't worry. Just give her time. She'll come around."


Bree's Living Room - Daytime

Bree is passed out on the couch with Penny on her chest. One of the twins taps her trying to wake her up. He picks up Bree's arm and lets go. Her arm flops back down to her side.

Outside Bree's House - Daytime

The twins push Penny in the stroller down the street.

Bree's Living Room - Daytime

Bree wakes up.

Bree: "Boys? Boys?"

She searches the house.

Bree: "Okay, we're done playing hide-and-seek! Boys?"

Bree runs to the Scavo house and bangs on the locked door. She runs down the street yelling down the street.

Bree: "Porter! Preston! This isn't funny!"

Outside Mrs. McCluskey's House

Bree approaches Mrs. McCluskey as she rakes her yard.

Bree: "Mrs. McCluskey, hi. Have you seen the Scavo boys?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "No, can't say that I have. Why?"

Bree: "I have something to tell them."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Ah."

Bree rushes off.

Advertising Agency

Lynette: "Have they signed the contract? 'Cause if not, someone should call Bednark and tell them to adjust the language."

Lynette's cell phone rings.

Lynette: "I'm sorry. Hang on. Hello?"

Hairdresser: "Lynette Scavo?"

Lynette: "Yes."

Hairdresser: "I believe I have something that belongs to you."

The twins are playing with hair dryers as Penny sits quietly in her stroller.

Beauty Salon

Lynette and Tom come running in.

Lynette: "Hi. Excuse me. Hi. You called and you said my kids are here?"

Porter/Preston: "Hi, mommy!"

Lynette: "Oh, my god!"

Porter/Preston: "Dad!"

Tom: "Just what were you thinking, taking off like that?"

Lynette: "Honey, I was so worried about you."

Tom: "Get your stuff. Get your stuff right over here."

Lynette: "Thank you. Thank you so much.

Tom: "Stay right here."

Hairdresser: "I'm just glad I found 'em and not some weirdo freak."

Lynette: "Oh, yes.Oh, yeah, me too. Thank you."

Hairdresser: "Because there are all sorts of crazy people out there. Drunks, perverts, molesters."

Lynette: "Yes! Yeah, no, I know."

Hairdresser: "No! You got really lucky. I mean, a different person might have called the cops or child welfare."

Lynette: "Well, uh, okay, I know how this looks, but I have to tell you, I left them with a very reliable baby-sitter."

Hairdresser: "Oh, yeah. You picked a real winner."

Lynette: "Are you judging me? Because if you are, you couldn't say anything..."

Tom: "Lynette, Lynette!"

Lynette: "What?!"

Tom: "Let it go. The kids walked for three miles to get here. We don't have a leg to stand on."

Lynette: "Well, thank you so much!"

Tom: "Here we go."

Lynette, Tom, and the kids leave.

Gabrielle's Kitchen

Gabrielle: "Hey, I don't know about you, but I am tired of all the tension around here, so I was thinking we could go shopping, have some fun. Then maybe later we can talk about the surrogacy thing, see if we can make it work."

Lucia: "Oh, Gabriella! Oh, you'll see, this is the best thing for the entire family."

Gabrielle's Car

Gabrielle pulls up in front of a hotel.

Lucia: "So, where's the boutique?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, it's in the hotel lobby. So go ahead, I'm right behind ya."

Lucia: "Okay."

Gabrielle's mother gets out of the car. Gabrielle stays in the car and locks the doors.

Lucia: "What are you doing?"

Gabrielle: "I'm going home."

Lucia: "What? I thought we were gonna talk about how the surrogacy will work."

Gabrielle: "Here's how it's gonna work. You're gonna check yourself into the hotel and then tomorrow, you're gonna plant your childbearing hips on a plane, and you're gonna leave our lives forever."

Gabrielle pulls out a handful of cash and throws it at her mother.

Gabrielle: "I'm pulling out. Watch your boobs."

Gabrielle drives away.

Lynette's House - Daytime

Tom's car pulls in the driveway. Bree comes running out of her house and runs over.

Lynette: "Come on out."

Bree: "Oh, thank god! I'm so sorry. I don't know what happened. I was in the kitchen cleaning up after making cookies and I looked in the living room and they were gone."

Preston: "We tried to tell her we were going, but she was asleep."

Lynette: "You were sleeping?"

Bree: "I most certainly was not."

Porter: "Yes, you were."

Lynette: "Okay, all right, that lie just lost you another week of TV and video game privileges. That's two. You wanna keep talking and lose more? Then apologize to Mrs. Van de Kamp."

Porter/Preston: "Sorry."

Bree: "No, no harm done."

Lynette: "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

Gabrielle's House

Carlos is carrying Lucia's bags.

Carlos: "Well, if you ask me, it's a pretty crappy thing to do. Did you even slow the car down before you pushed her out?"

Gabrielle: "Okay, first of all, no one asked you. And the only reason you care about my mother is because of that ridiculous suggestion she offered."

Carlos: "I think her offer to be our surrogate was very generous."

Gabrielle: "Generous? Don't you see the strings attached?"

Carlos: "What strings?"

Gabrielle: "The only reason she offered up her dusty womb is because she's screwed. Her latest sugar daddy gave her the boot, so mom needs a place to stay and money. So trust me, if she carried our child, we'd be footing the bill for years."

Carlos: "I think your hatred for her is clouding your judgment."

Gabrielle: "Maybe, but you don't know her like I do."

Carlos: "Okay. You ran away from home fifteen years ago. Did you ever think to talk to her about the stuff that happened between you and your stepdad?"

Gabrielle: "It wouldn't have done any good."

Carlos: "How do you know that?"

Gabrielle: "Because she knew exactly what was going on with Alejandro and she chose to look the other way."

Carlos: "But you never even gave her a chance to step up. You just ran away from home."

Gabrielle: "Because if I did, then she, we, there was a chance she wouldn't have believed me, and, and that would've hurt a lot worse than anything he ever did to me."

Carlos: "She's your mother and she loves you. I know it's been a very long time, but maybe you can talk to her about it now."

Gabrielle: "I'm getting her luggage back to her and that's the best I can do."

Paul's House

There's a knock at the door.

Paul: "What are you doing here?"

Mike: "There's something I need to talk to you about. It's important."

Paul: "There's nothing for us to talk about."

Mike: "Shut up and listen. Deirdre's father, Noah Taylor, somehow found out about Zach and he wants to meet him."

Zach is just walking into the room and stops when he hears Mike talking.

Paul: "Somehow found out? Like, maybe you told him?"

Mike: "Noah is no friend of mine. But he's very rich and powerful and he's terminal and he wants to meet his grandson before he dies."

Paul: "Absolutely not."

Mike: "Well, you'll be surprised, but I agree with you. Noah destroys everything he touches, and the last thing either of us wants is for this guy to get his hooks into Zach."

Paul: "What are we supposed to do?"

Mike: "You and Zach need to vanish. Just stay out of sight until nature takes its course with Noah."

Mike: "If we leave, we won't be coming back. You'll never see your boy again."

Mike: "I know."

Zach backs out of the room after overhearing this.

Chez Naomi

Edie and Karl are sharing a romantic meal. They kiss.

Edie: "Well, Happy Valentine's Day, my darling."

Across the room, Susan and Dr. Ron are also sharing a romantic meal.

Dr. Ron: "Isn't that your ex-husband?"

Susan: "Oh, yeah."

Susan waves at Edie.

Edie: "Apparently, they'll let anyone in here." (waves back) "Hi."

Waiter: "Your chocolate souffls will be out momentarily."

Edie: "Oh, we didn't order souffl."

Karl: "I ordered it as soon as we got here. It takes an hour to prepare."

Edie: "Oh, I really can't. I'm stuffed."

Karl: "No, no, no, this you'll wanna try. It's their specialty."

Edie: "I guess I'll have the souffl. Can you excuse me for a second? I, um, I just have to powder my nose."

Edie gets up and goes to Susan's table.

Edie: "I'm sorry to interrupt." (to Susan) "Your makeup is all smudged. Come with me. I'll fix it."

Susan: "What?"

Edie: "Come on, get up."

Susan ( to Dr. Ron ): "Sorry." (to Edie) "My makeup is smudged?"

Edie pulls Susan into the restroom.

Edie: "Get in here. I have some news that's probably gonna devastate you. But I wanted to be the first one to tell you."

Susan: "Okay."

Edie: "Karl is about to pop the question."

Susan: "You mean, like, marriage?"

Edie: "Hmm hmm! Oh, I hope I haven't ruined your Valentine's Day. Do you want a tissue?"

Susan: "No, no. I'm okay. I, I'm just surprised. Well, congratulations. What makes you think he's gonna propose?"

Edie: "Well, I, um, I was looking through his briefcase this afternoon and I found this ring. And so tonight he keeps pushing this special dessert' on me, so obviously, he's hidden the ring inside."

Susan: "A ring! What did it look like?"

Edie: "Oh, I don't know. Eighteen karat white gold, ten diamonds, engraved accents. I just got a quick peek."

Susan: "Oh, um, I think I know that ring. That's his grandmother's ring. It's a family heirloom. And, you know, he might just be having it cleaned or something."

Edie: "Except for one thing. Lying right next to it was a pre-nup!"

Susan: "Oh. Well, Karl is a lawyer, and it could just be a pre-nup for another client."

Edie: "Boy, jealousy is one ugly thing up close."

Susan: "Oh, no, Edie"

Edie: "No, you know what? I'm gonna take the high road and, and I'm gonna ignore your nastiness. If you'll excuse me, I'm going back to my table and getting engaged."

Edie sits back down at the table with Karl. The waiter serves the souffl. Susan comes out of the bathroom with a note in her hand. She stops the waiter.

Susan: "Oh, hi. Um, do you see that man over there? Dark hair, handsome. I need you to slip this to him without anybody noticing."

The waiter takes the note and gives it to the man sitting with a woman behind Karl's table. The man opens the note, which reads: "Be careful! She thinks you're about to propose."

The man stands up, angry, and begins screaming at this date.

Man: "God, you never stop. I told you, I'm not divorcing my wife. I'm in this for the s*x, and if you can't accept it, then go to hell."

The man walks out. Edie begins sticking her fingers in the souffl.

Karl: "What the hell are you doing?"

Edie: "Well, I thought you said this dessert was special."

Karl: "When you put it in your mouth and eat it. What is wrong with you?"

Edie: "Well, nothing."

Hotel Room

Lucia opens her door dressed in a bathroom.

Lucia: "Carlos, what a surprise. Come on in."

Carlos: "I thought you could use your bags."

Lucia: "Oh, yes. Perfect timing. I just took a shower and needed something to change into. Here, leave it here. This is fine. Thank you."

Carlos: "Listen, do you have a minute? Um, because I need to talk to you about something."

Lucia: "Hmm, yeah, sure. Sit down. Talk as I dress. I'll leave the door open so I can hear you."

Lucia grabs a dress out of her bags and goes into the bathroom.

Carlos: "Look, I was, uh, I was thinking about your surrogacy idea."

Lucia: "Mm hmm."

Carlos: "And I think it could be the answer to all of our problems. That is, if you're still interested."

Lucia: "Yes! I mean, I am. but I, I just think that Gaby will never let it happen."

Carlos: "No, no. She can be convinced. I know it."

Lucia comes out of the bathroom.

Lucia: "Can you please zip me up?"

Carlos: "Huh?"

Lucia: "My zipper! It's stuck."

Carlos gets up and zips up the back of the dress.

Lucia: "You did that so fast. I know someone who works out."

Carlos: "As I was saying, I think the surrogacy idea could work, um, but you and Gaby are gonna have to mend some fences."

Lucia: "After such a long time, what is the point?"

Carlos: "Lucia, please, hear me out. There was a lot of stuff that Gaby went through when she was younger. A lot of stuff that you don't know about. And I think that if you went to her and asked her about it, then the two of you could finally get past it."

Lucia: "What stuff are you talking about, Carlos?"

Carlos: "Your second husband, Alejandro? When Gaby was fifteen, he assaulted her sexually."

Lucia: "Is that what she told you?"

Carlos: "Look, I know that it comes as a shock for you to be hearing it from me"

Lucia: "Carlos, please, I am aware they had s*x. But it was Gabriela who seduced him."

Carlos: "Excuse me?"

Lucia: "She was always jealous of me. You don't know how many times I caught her wearing my shoes, trying on my jewelry and I'd scream at her to leave my things alone, but no, she wanted whatever I had. Then one night, she set her sights on Alejandro. Believe me, no one got raped."

Carlos: "Lucia, she was only fifteen years old."

Lucia: "You know, a lot of men have left me over the years, and I never knew the reason. But when Alejandro left, I knew exactly why it happened. Gabriela made him fall in love with her. Oh, it took me so many years to forgive her."

Carlos: "You forgave her?"

Lucia: "But of course. I couldn't have offered to carry her baby unless I had."

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Karl is taking the garbage to the curb. Susan is hiding across the street.

Susan: "Karl. Karl! Come here! Why didn't you answer your damn cell phone?"

Karl: "I turned it off. What's going on?"

Susan: "Where's Edie?"

Karl: "She's upstairs. She's been in a pissy mood ever since we left the restaurant. I don't know what's wrong with her."

Susan: "She found the ring and the pre-nup in your briefcase. She thought you were gonna pop the question tonight."

Karl: "Oh, no."

Susan: "Oh, yes. You know, this whole fake marriage thing was okay when nobody was getting hurt. What are we doing? It's a lie! I lost Mike over a lie, and now I'm doing the same thing to Dr. Ron, and, and look at Edie. She was devastated. I don't think I can go through with this."

Karl: "You can't call off the wedding. How are you gonna pay for your surgery?"

Susan: "I don't know. You know, I'll just, I'll sell the car."

Karl: "Susie, this is your health we're talking about. We're getting married."

Susan: "Karl."

Karl: "No. Dr. Ron would be the first to say that you're doing the right thing. I'll figure out some way to handle Edie."

Susan: "How? How are you gonna handle Edie? That poor woman's dreams exploded in her face tonight. You know, it's not like you can just go out and buy her flowers and everything will be better."

Karl: "Then I'll propose to her."

Susan: "Well, that's a little extreme."

Karl: "Not really. I was probably gonna do it eventually anyhow. Obviously we're gonna have to get a divorce before I can actually marry her. But, uh, what?"

Susan: "Nothing. I just, I didn't know that you loved her like that."

Karl: "She's a great kid. Total package. What's the matter, Susie Q? Jealous?"

Susan: "No, of course not. Well, okay, this is good because you know, if this experience helped you to realize your true feelings, then, uh, then we did something good here."

Karl: "Yeah. I think we have. Come here."

Karl hugs Susan.

Susan: "I can't believe you thought I was jealous. It's not like I still have feelings for you anymore."

Karl: "You're right. I, I was just fooling around."

Gabrielle's House

Carlos comes home.

Gabrielle: "So? How did it go?"

Carlos: "Fine. I just dropped off the luggage and left."

Gabrielle: "Ah."

Carlos kisses Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "What was that for?"

Carlos: "No reason. Hey, I was thinking, we should look into adoption."

Gabrielle: "Seriously? But I thought you wanted a kid with your own D.N.A."

Carlos: "Blood isn't everything."

Outside Lynette's House - Daytime

Lynette is bringing out her garbage. Mrs. McCluskey is across the street working on her yard.

Lynette: "Hey!"

Mrs. McCluskey: "I heard you lost your kids yesterday."

Lynette: "Yeah. It was cleared up. It was just a little confusion."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Uh, help me out here with something. What exactly is it you look for in a baby-sitter?"

Lynette: "Excuse me?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Well, I may be ancient, like you say, but I've never gotten drunk and lost track of three kids."

Lynette: "What?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "I smelled wine on Bree Van de Kamp when she was looking for your boys."

Lynette: "That's ridiculous."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Is it? Yesterday I found her passed out on her front lawn, drunk as a skunk."

Lynette: "I've known Bree for years and years. There's no way she was drinking while baby-sitting my kids. So, just go spread your poison somewhere else. Okay?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "I just thought I'd do you a favor and let you know, that's all."

Lynette: "Okay, well, thanks."

Mrs. McCluskey walks away.

Outside Bree's House - Daytime

Bree is bringing out her garbage.

Lynette: "Hey. You, um, you recovered from all of yesterday's excitement?"

Bree: "Oh, truthfully, I haven't been able to get my mind off it. What a scare, huh?"

Lynette: "Yeah, although I still can't figure out how my boys managed to sneak past you."

Bree: "Well, you know how boys are at that age. They're escape artists"

Lynette: "Like lightning. It's just, Penny..."

Bree: "Penny?"

Lynette: "Well, I mean, I just don't understand how Porter and Preston managed to wrangle her into the stroller and then make it out your front door without you even noticing. I guess if you'd fallen asleep, it could've happened like that, I, I guess."

Bree: "You know, I think, um, I must have been cleaning the kitchen, and I, I just didn't hear them because of the noise from the dishwasher."

Lynette: "Look, I apologize in advance for how this is going to sound, but I have to ask. It's just gonna eat away at me. Were you drinking while baby-sitting my kids?"

Bree: "No! Ah, you know, I may have had just the tiniest little bit of Chardonnay."

Lynette: "Oh, gosh, you got drunk and you passed out."

Bree: "Lynette, if I close my eyes even for a moment, it's because of these antihistamines I've been taking."

Lynette: "Really? Is that why you passed out on your front lawn yesterday morning?"

Bree: "Now that you're speaking to me in a fairly accusatory tone, may I remind you that I was doing you a favor?"

Lynette: "You put my kids in danger and then you lied about it. Do you not get how big that is? Do you have some kind of problem with alcohol?"

Bree: "No! The only problem I have is with your children. They're incorrigible because you let them run amok. And if I hadn't drifted off, they would have waited until I was in the bathroom or stuck on the phone or upstairs doing laundry."

Lynette: "On any given day, how many glasses of wine do you put away?"

Bree: "I will not be spoken to like that. I just won't."

Bree walks away into her house. Lynette goes to Bree's trash can and opens the bag. She starts taking out all the wine bottles.

"Now and then, we all need a little help, so we ask for small favors."

Justice of the Peace Office

Susan and Karl are getting married.

Susan: "Thanks. I owe you one."

"But it's always best to be wary of those eager to come to our rescue."

Justice of the Peace: "Well, go on. Kiss the bride."

Karl kisses Susan.

Outside Mrs. McCluskey's House

Tom is talking to Mrs. McCluskey.

"Because even the smallest of favors..."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Sure thing, Tom. I'd be happy to baby-sit for you. My, have you noticed how clogged my rain gutters are?"

Tom looks up at her rain gutters.

"...carries a price tag."

Hotel Room

A bellhop is taking Lucia's luggage out. Lucia is on the phone.

"Yes, everyone has an agenda."

Lucia: "I heard about your operation, Aunt Inez, and I'm jumping on a plane right now to come and help you out."

"No matter what they may tell us."

Lucia: "No, I'm happy to, and I'm prepared to stay as long as it takes."

Outside Bree's House

Bree comes out the door and looks down.

"And in those rare instances where there is no ulterior motive..."

On her porch are twelve wine bottles neatly lined up. A note is in one of the bottles.

"...we're so taken aback that we may fail to recognize the truth..."

Bree opens the note which reads: " Do you still think you don't have a problem?"

Lynette, across the street, is cleaning up her kids' toys on the lawn. Lynette stares at Bree, who stares back. Lynette walks into her house.

"...that a loving friend has just done us an enormous favor."

Paul dials the phone with a newspaper on his lap.

"What made my husband Paul Young such a good investor was his uncanny ability to anticipate the future..."

Flashback - Mary Alice's Living Room

Mary Alice with a young Zach in the living room. Mary Alice is trying to unknot Zach's tennis shoe. Paul is in the kitchen.

Mary Alice: "Zach, how did you do this?"

Paul watches and smiles as Mary Alice struggles with the knot in Zach's shoe.

"He foresaw the necessity of the Velcro shoe."

Flashback - Mary Alice's Kitchen

Paul watches as Mary Alice mixes ingredients to make coffee.

"He predicted the advent of the $3.00 cup of coffee."

Flashback - Mary Alice's Kitchen

Paul watches as Mary Alice pours water into a thermos.

"He even anticipated the surprising boom in bottled water."

Present Day - Mary Alice's House

Paul is reading the paper and talking on the phone.

Paul: "Yeah, it's Paul Young. I've been reading about the election results in Brazil. It's time to buy sugar."

"But the crystal ball that served Paul so well in the stock market sometimes failed him closer to home."

Paul gets up to answer a knock on the door. Eugene is on the porch.

Eugene: "Paul Young?"

Paul: "Yeah."

Eugene: "Eugene. You need to come downtown for questioning."

Paul: "About what?"

Eugene: "We're investigating reports of credit card fraud and your name has been linked with several of the victims."

Paul: "Well, it must be some mistake."

Eugene: "Could be. But we still need to go downtown and straighten it out."

Paul: "All right."

Zach: "How long is this gonna take?"

Paul: "Don't worry about it. It's just a mix-up."

Outside Mary Alice's House - Nighttime

Eugene walks Paul to his car. Paul sees Felicia get out of her car and walk to her door with groceries. They stop and stare at each other.

Eugene: "Let's go."

Felicia watches as the detective takes Paul away.

Police Station

Eugene is booking Paul.

Paul: "What's going on? I thought you just wanted to ask me some questions."

Eugene: "That's after you're booked."

Paul: "Booked? Booked for what?"

Uniformed Officer: "You can't book him here anyhow, Detective. Computers are down. We're all full up. You gotta take him down to County."

Eugene handcuffs Paul.

Paul: "What is going on? This is crazy. I wanna call my lawyer. What the hell do you guys think you're doing anyway? Huh?"

Police Station Parking Garage

A uniformed officer is leading a handcuffed Paul to the police van.

Paul: "This is ridiculous. I get a phone call!"

The officer pushes Paul into the van and locks the doors.

"Yes, in the world of investments, my husband had a remarkable ability to see the future."

Inside the van are two prisoners dressed in orange prison jumpsuits.

Prisoner: "Got a message for you, Paul Young. Dierdre's father said to give you his regards."

The prisoner pulls a knife out of his boot and attacks Paul.

"But sadly, Paul didn't see this one coming at all."

Opening Credits

Bree's Kitchen

"Bree Van de Kamp had a weekly routine she'd been following for years."

Bree crosses off a day on a calendar posted on the wall.

Flashback - Bree's Kitchen

"She cleaned on Tuesdays."

Bree sweeps her kitchen.

Flashback - Bree's Dining Room

"She paid her bills on Wednesdays."

Bree at her dining room table paying bills.

Bree's Laundry Room

"She did her laundry on Thursdays."

Bree is doing laundry.

Present Day - Bree's Dining Room

Bree waters the flowers on her dining room table.

"And after these daily chores were completed, she would reward herself with a little drink."

She walks to her couch with a wine glass in her hand. As she reaches the couch, she sees through her friends talking together outside the window.

"What Bree didn't know was this latest addition to her routine had been noticed by her friends. And it had now become part of their routine to discuss it."

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Bree looks out her window and sees Susan, Gabrielle and Lynette are standing by Lynette's car talking.

Lynette: "So, apparently Bree had a few too many and passed out. Next thing I know, I get a call at work. Someone found my kids wandering the street."

Gabrielle: "Oh, my god!"

Susan: "Have you seen Bree since?"

Lynette: "No. I'm worried about her but I don't know how I'm gonna get over what she did."

Bree watches as Lynette drives off to work. Bree comes out of her house and approaches Susan and Gabrielle.

Susan: "Hey, Bree. How you doing today?"

Bree: "I'm really well. Um, I just saw you all talking before Lynette went off to work. What were you all talking about?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, nothing, really. Carlos and I are gonna go see the adoption counselor today."

Susan: "I'm checking myself into the hospital. I'm finally gonna get that surgery."

Bree: "Oh. Good for you. Did Lynette mention the little tiff we had?"

Susan: "Just in passing."

Gabrielle: "She barely mentioned it."

Bree: "Because what happened was I accidentally mixed my antihistamine medication with, you know, a little glass of wine I was having, and I, I fell asleep, you know, while I was watching her kids. I mean, I like a little wine with dinner, I mean, now and then. You know, who doesn't? But, uh, I mean, you know, to trash my entire reputation."

Susan: "Oh, Bree, she didn't trash you. Honest."

Bree: "Well, good. I mean, I just, I really wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression. Well, I'm, I'm, uh, going to the mall. They're having a white sale today. I think I'm gonna get a new bath mat. Oh, does anyone need one?"

Gabrielle: "No, I'm good. "

Bree: "Okay, take care."

Bree walks away.

Gabrielle: "Wow, did you smell the alcohol on her breath?"

Susan: "I sure did."

Gabrielle sighs.

Advertising Agency

Tom is presenting a pitch to the staff.

Tom: "Then our Eskimo turns in the camera and says, 'Polar fresh mints will give your breath an A-plus too.' So what do you think?"

Lynette: "It feels a little familiar."

Tom: "Really? I don't think so."

Lynette: "No, I'm pretty sure the Lowell group used Eskimos in a deodorant commercial they had last month. Remember?"

Tom: "Oh, this is completely different. Those were jock Eskimos competing in the Iditarod. Our Eskimo's trying to, you know, patch things up with his wife."

Lynette: "Yeah. No, I get the subtle distinction. I think we can do better. Okay? So, Sally, you're up. What do you got for me?"

Lynette's Office

Tom: "Hey."

Lynette: "Hey."

Tom: "I got the subtle distinction? What was that about?"

Lynette: "If you really wanna do this now, shut the door. Okay, sure, I was a little bitchy. But you know why? You did a half-ass job in there."

Tom: "Hey, you may not like my idea, but you can't say I didn't work hard."

Lynette: "Oh, please. I live with you. Last night, when you should've been trying to make that pitch work, you were watching the game."

Tom: "I wasn't watching the game."

Lynette: "I saw you!"

Tom: "What, okay, now I can't check the score?"

Lynette: "Are you saying you gave your heart and soul to that Eskimo pitch?"

Tom: "I worked really hard on that pitch."

Lynette: "Did you give it a hundred percent? Well. Exactly. So? Big deal. Go work up some new ideas and then we'll go over it during lunch. Okay?"

Tom: "You're the boss."

Lynette: "Yes, I am."

Hospital Room

Susan is lying in bed, reading. Dr. Ron and Dr. Cunningham come in. Dr. Cunnigham has his right arm in a cast.

Dr. Ron: "Hey."

Dr. Cunningham: "Susan. Good to see you again. I'm really looking forward to your surgery."

Susan: And I'm really hoping you're a lefty."

Dr. Cunningham: "Nope. I can't even write my name. But that's what I get for throwing my kid a roller-skating party."

Susan: "Funny. So, what about my surgery?"

Dr. Cunningham: "Oh, I'll still do it. With Dr. Ron's help, of course."

Dr. Ron: "Dr. Cunningham will be standing right beside me. With my hands and his brain, you got the best parts of both of us."

Susan: "Then I'm on board."

Dr. Cunningham: "We're keeping you under observation, so, hopefully, we'll operate tomorrow."

Dr. Ron: "Uh, if you don't mind, I'd like a minute to consult with my patient."

Dr. Cunningham: "Oh! Right, your, um, little thing."

Susan: "What little thing?"

Dr. Ron: "Um, well, it was, it was gonna be a surprise, but..."

He turns and coughs and Nurse Hisel walks in carrying a large vase of red and yellow roses.

Susan: "Oh, my god, they're beautiful."

Dr. Ron: "Um, look, I've been thinking about us a lot lately. About putting this operation behind us, and where we'll go from there. Our future, together. And I really suck at putting my emotions into words, which is, um, it's why I wrote it all down. There's a card."

Susan: "Oh."

Dr. Ron: "Uh, but you can't read it. Not, not while I'm here anyway. It's way, way too stressful. Um, I am going to go now."

Dr. Ron kisses Susan and leaves the room. Susan picks up the card and reads it to herself.

Susan: "Wow. Wow."

Nurse Hisel: "Oh, he's so romantic. May I?"

She reaches for the card.

Susan: "Oh, it's sort of private."

Nurse Hisel: "Well, I did help him pick out the flowers."

Susan: "Oh. Um, okay. There's more on the back."

Adoption Agency

Carlos and Gabrielle are with an adoption counselor.

Gabrielle: "So, how does this work? Do we flip through a catalog or something?"

Rhoda: "I wish it was that easy. You have to understand for every baby, there are ten couples who want it. You don't choose your child. The birth mother chooses you."

Gabrielle: "Really?"

Carlos: "So what do you think our chances are? We will do anything that we need to do."

Rhoda: "Well, your typical birth mother is usually a young girl and she'll just wanna make sure you're quality people. Now to show her that you'll be putting together a parent portfolio."

Carlos: "What's that?"

Rhoda: "Family pictures, character references, that kind of stuff."

Gabrielle: "So, um, we're auditioning to be parents?"

Rhoda: "I guess you could say that."

Gabrielle: "So just to be clear, some slutty cheerleader gets knocked up by the soccer coach behind the local gas 'n gulp, and she is going to make sure we're quality people?"

Carlos: "You don't need to answer that."

Bree's Back Yard

Bree is reading the paper drinking a glass of wine.

Andrew: "You know, you don't have to hide it from me."

Bree: "Hmm?"

Andrew: "The drinking. It doesn't bother me."

Bree: "Oh, I wasn't hiding anything. I was simply, ah, enjoying the day. What you want?"

Andrew: "Well, um, Mason was my ride to school. And his dad's moving them to Tucson so..."

Bree: "Oh, well, if you need a ride to school, I'm happy to drive you."

Andrew: "No, that's not what I want. I want a car."

Bree: "Well, then I suggest you get a job."

Andrew: "Why should I have to go work my ass off at some fast food place when I can already afford what I want?"

Bree: "Andrew, we're not touching your trust fund."

Andrew: "It's my money."

Bree: "Not until you're twenty-one. And if I had my way, you wouldn't get your hands on it until you're fifty. I mean, we both know you're gonna waste every penny of it."

Andrew: "Why are you being like this?"

Bree: "Because, sweetheart, it is my job to teach you about responsibility, setting goals, delayed gratification."

Andrew: "What do you know about delayed gratification? It's not even noon, yet you're already on your third glass of wine."

Bree: "You know, on second thought, I won't be driving you to school. The walk will do you good."

Andrew: "Mom, I'm not kidding around. I want my money."

Bree: "The answer is no."

Andrew: "Well, aren't we a mean old drunk?"

Bree slaps Andrew.

Andrew: "Whatever that was supposed to teach me, consider the lesson learned."

Hospital Room

Susan wakes up to find Karl laughing as he reads her card from Dr. Ron.

Susan: "What are you doing here?"

Karl: "I'm just enjoying the silky smooth moves of Dr. Ron. Or should I say, 'Dr. Love?'"

Susan: "Give me that."

Karl: "This is my favorite." (reading the card) "'I can't wait to be in the operating room with you so I can touch your heart because you've already touched mine so deeply.'"

Susan: "Okay, that part sounds better when you don't read it out loud. And what are you doing reading it anyway? Those are Dr. Ron's private thoughts."

Karl: "Yeah, I got that. You know, I sense that he really likes you, Susie."

Susan: "So?"

Karl: "So, do you really like him?"

Susan: "Of course I do. He's smart and funny and kind."

Karl: "Smart, funny, kind. I don't hear the word love in there."

Susan: "Well, that's a big word. We just started dating, and we have a connection, and I'm gonna follow it through and see where it goes."

Karl: "Oh, I get it. You're gonna string him along 'till you feel something you don't and waste the next five years of your life."

Susan: "As opposed to the twelve I wasted on you? Why are we talking about this? I don't recall asking you your opinion."

Karl: "Because we're married and I have certain rights and one of them is the right to badger you."

Susan: "Okay, you know, you can leave now."

Karl: "I wish I could MRI your soul."

Susan: "Out! It's not funny."

Karl leaves and bumps into Nurse Hisel.

Karl: "Hey, watch out for my wife. She's on a tear."

Gabrielle's Living Room

Gabrielle and Carlos are sitting on the floor with pictures spread all around them.

Gabrielle: "Oh, here's one we took on vacation."

Carlos: "Gaby, these pictures have to be wholesome. They gotta say 'these people will do a great job raising a child.'"

Gabrielle: "So?"

Carlos: "So, you're topless."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, but it's St. Barts and your hands are covering my naughty parts."

Carlos: "Do you mean the hand that's holding the tequila shot, or the one that's holding the Cuban cigar?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah, that was a good trip."

Carlos: "Gaby!"

Gabrielle: "Fine. We won't use it."

Carlos: "We can't use any of 'em. Every single picture of the two of us, we're either drinking or smoking or naked."

Gabrielle: "So we like to have fun. I mean, who doesn't understand that better than an unwed, knocked-up teenager?"

Carlos: "This is serious. If we can't sell ourselves as good people..."

Gabrielle: "Well, then we'll just have to find someone who can do it for us."

Lynette's Porch

Gabrielle and Carlos are at Lynette's door.

Lynette: "So you want me to, uh, pitch you as parents?"

Gabrielle: "You're in advertising. You can do it. Just write us a character reference saying we're great with kids. Oh, this is for you."

She hands Lynette a bottle of wine.

Lynette: "Oh. Well, you don't have to bribe me. We're all friends here."

Gabrielle: "Keeping that in mind, would it also be okay if we were your kids' godparents?"

Lynette: "Oh! Uh, I guess."

Gabrielle: "Great and can we take some fake pictures to document it?"

Lynette: "I don't suppose you brought a corkscrew?"

Mary Alice's House

Zach is on the phone on the porch.

Zach: "You didn't have a warrant and if you don't arrest him, then you gotta tell me what he wants."

Felicia is standing in front of the Young house with a cup of coffee when Mike walks up.

Felicia: "Hello, Mike."

Mike: "Felicia, what are you doing here?"

Felicia: "Oh, I left in such a rush. There was a lot of old business I forgot to wrap up."

Mike: "Well, it must be pretty important business. Gets you to move back in next door to the man you think murdered your sister."

Felicia: "It's funny you should mention Paul. You know, the police came and took him away last night."

Mike: "The police?"

Felicia: "And from the way they were manhandling him, ooh, I don't think he'll be back anytime soon."

Mike looks over and sees Zach on the phone.

Zach: "No, I just wanna talk to him, that's all..."

Mike's House

Mike is talking on the phone with Noah.

Mike: "What the hell's going on?"

Noah: "It's none of your concern, Mike."

Mike: "You listen to me, if anything happens to Paul Young..."

Noah: "It already happened. Hours ago."

Mike: "He's dead?"

Noah: "Like I said, it's none of your concern."

Mike: "Maybe you don't get it, Noah. You screwed up. You just killed the most important person in your grandson's life. Do you think he's gonna have anything to do with you once he finds out? And believe me, I'll make sure he finds out."

Mike hangs up and takes an gun out of the cupboard.

Lynette's Dining Room

The family is having dinner.

Tom: "So, honey, the meat loaf. It's, um, it's a little burnt."

Lynette: "Oh, right, I was talking to Susan on the phone and I left it in a little longer than I should've. Sorry."

Tom: "It's okay."

He sighs.

Lynette: "Is it that bad?"

Tom: "No. No, not bad at all."

Lynette: "Oh, good. Parker, don't put your elbows on the table. Come on."

Tom: "But you'd agree it wasn't your best effort."

Lynette: "Huh?"

Tom: "The meal, the task you agreed to take on. You'd agree that you didn't give it a hundred percent, right?"

Lynette: "Tom, if you're gonna make a point, why don't you do it now before I hurl the plate at you?"

Tom: "Nobody gives a hundred percent of his effort all the time because they can't. It is impossible. You do the best you can with the time and energy you have."

Lynette: "Stop right there. This is meat loaf. Your presentation was business."

Tom: "You're saying the client deserves more effort than your own family?"

Lynette: "Okay. So, if I apologize for upsetting you at work, can we get past it and enjoy our meal?"

Tom: "Absolutely."

Lynette: "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I am sorry."

Tom: "Thanks."

Lynette: "So, boys, how do you enjoy the meat loaf?"

Parker: "It's a little salty."

Preston: "Yeah."

Lynette: "Just eat it."


Wisteria Lane Park - Nighttime

Andrew and Justin are sitting on a bench. Andrew puts a large ring on Justin's finger.

Andrew: "There. Perfect. All right."

They stand and Justin hits Andrew in the face with the ring, knocking him down. Andrew stands up.

Andrew: "All right, one more time."

Justin: "What?"

Andrew: "Yeah."

Justin: "Dude, I don't wanna mess up your face."

Andrew: "Do you love me?"

Justin nods.

Andrew: "Then do what I tell you."

Justin punches him again.

Lynette's Bedroom

Lynette and Tom are getting ready for bed.

Tom: "Rough day."

Lynette: "Yeah. I wonder if there's any way that we can turn it around still."

Tom: "Good question. But, what to do? What to do?"

Lynette: "Yeah."

They begin kissing and rolling on the bed. They roll and Lynette attempts to push Tom on his back when Tom pushes her away.

Lynette: "Hi! What's up?"

Tom: "Why do you keep trying to do that?"

Lynette: "What?"

Tom: "Trying to get on top."

Lynette: "Of you? No, I'm not."

Tom: "You were pushing on me like you were trying to sack me. I felt it."

Lynette: "Are you serious? Tom, I wasn't doing anything. I was just going for it. I was just lost in the moment. Oh, come on! Come on, this is silly. I don't wanna argue. I mean, unless it turns you on. Does it? 'Cause then I'm all about it, baby."

Tom: "Come here."

They begin kissing and rolling around on the bed again.

Tom: "What, what was that?"

Lynette: "What was what?"

Tom: "You were bracing. You were bracing with your leg. I was trying to lie on top of you, and you were bracing yourself against the mattress so you didn't have to get on your back. Try and deny it. Try and deny it. You can't."

Lynette: "Okay, okay, can I just mention you're talking like a crazy person?"

Tom: "You can't give it up for a second, can you? You always have to call the shots. Always."

Lynette: "Is this about me being your boss again? You gotta get over it."

Tom: "That's exactly my point. Exactly. You are not just my boss at the office. You're my boss everywhere."

Lynette: "Oh, that's ridiculous."

Tom: "You run the show. You run the show, and I'm along for the ride. I just push the little shopping cart, let the woman do all the driving."

Lynette: "Tom..."

Tom: "I'm the caddy husband. I carry your clubs."

Lynette: "I am so sorry you feel that way, but you cannot put that on me. This is your life. You wanna run it? Then step on up. You wanna drive? Grab the steering wheel. I mean, what else am I supposed to say?"

Tom: "I'm gonna check on the kids."

Tom walks out. Lynette lies down.

Hospital Room

Nurse Hisel walks into Susan's room.

Nurse Hisel: "Time to check your blood pressure."

Susan: "Oh, sure. Oh, that's a little tight. Does it have to be that tight?"

Nurse Hisel: "Yes."

Susan: "Oh. Okay. Ow, ow. That's actually starting to be painful."

Nurse Hisel: "Really? That surprises me. I just assumed you were dead inside."

Susan: "Ow! Ow!"

Susan rips the cuff off and jumps out of bed.

Susan: "What the hell are you doing?"

Nurse Hisel: "I told myself to stay out of this, but I can't. I know that you're married."

Susan: "I am not!"

Nurse Hisel: "Really? Hmm, 'cause that man that came to see you yesterday, he said you're his wife."

Susan: "Oh! Yeah, oh, no, no, he just said that 'cause we used to be married. It's just a force of habit."

Nurse Hisel: "Oh, that explains everything. Except that I checked your insurance forms and you're still married. So that makes you a lying, adulterous skank."

Nurse Hisel walks out of the room. Susan tries to follow but is connected to the I.V.

Susan: "Oh, no. No, no. No, no, Nurse Hisel. Ow, ow, ow, ow! Ow."

Susan rips the tube from the IV sack. Liquid pours out.

Susan: "Nurse Hisel! Ugh! Nurse, oh!"

Susan is still connected to a monitor. She rips out the plug, picks up the monitor and runs after the nurse.

Susan: "Nurse Hisel, I can explain."

Nurse Hisel: "Can you, skank?"

Susan: "Yes. Okay. I am married, but it's only because my insurance ran out. My ex-husband has a really good coverage plan, so he said that he would remarry me so I could get my operation. Only I didn't wanna tell Dr. Ron 'cause I didn't want him to be an accomplice to fraud."

Nurse Hisel: "So you're what? Protecting him?"

Susan: "Yeah. It, yes, I am."

Nurse Hisel: "Okay. As long as you're not two-timing him. He feels so strongly about you."

Susan: "I know. I read the card."

Nurse Hisel: "But did you read between the lines?"

Susan: "What do you mean?"

Nurse Hisel: "Okay, I shouldn't be telling you this, but when we were picking out the flowers for you, he said that he was working up the courage to say he loves you."

Susan: "Really?"

Nurse Hisel: "Yes! But you have to act surprised, okay?"

Susan: "Oh, yeah, I'll be surprised. So, I guess we have the whole insurance thing worked out."

Nurse Hisel: "Oh! Don't worry about that. Please. Who am I to cast stones? I mean, heck, I didn't pass my nurse's exam. They didn't even ask me!"

Bree's House

Bree comes downstairs to find a man in the living room.

Bree: "Andrew, did I hear the bell? Oh, hello."

Samuel: "I'm Samuel Bormanis. I'm here to see Andrew."

Bree: "Oh, okay. Are you a friend of Andrew's?"

Samuel: "I'm his lawyer."

Bree: "His lawyer? Well, why on Earth would Andrew need a lawyer?"

Andrew enters the room. His face has several bruises on it.

Andrew: "Here you go, Sam."

Bree: "Honey, what happened to, to your face?"

Andrew: "You hit me. Don't you remember?"

Bree's Dining Room

They are all sitting around the table.

Bree: "For the record, I did not punch my son. I slapped him with an open palm."

Andrew: "Yeah, but, mom, the thing is, when you drink, you don't know your own strength."

Bree: "This is ridiculous. Can't you see this is a performance?"

Samuel: "Mrs. Van de Kamp, I've heard enough. Clearly, this environment is a highly dysfunctional one. Andrew has retained my services in order to pursue a healthier living situation."

Bree: "And what might that be?"

Andrew: "I, um, I wanna be emancipated."

Bree: "Emancipated?"

Samuel: "As an emancipated minor, Andrew would be able to live on his own. He'd still go to school, of course, but he'd be released from all adult supervision."

Bree: "Well, that's the silliest thing I've ever heard of. How would he support himself?"

Samuel: "Well, he'd be in complete control of his own finances."

Bree: "So that's what this is about? Your trust fund?"

Samuel: "Obviously, we'd all prefer not to go to family court, but with the violence and your D.U.I. charge, it could get ugly."

Bree: "Uh, Mr. Bormanis, I'll need a little time to think about this."

Samuel: "You have twenty-four hours."

Adoption Agency

Carlos and Gabrielle are looking through a photo album. The pictures are of them playing with the Scavo kids.

Carlos: "Boy, it really looks like we're having a good time. I sure hope this works."

Gabrielle: "As long as they don't make me play guitar, I think we're home free."

Secretary: "Mr. And Mrs. Solis, Rhoda can see you now."

As they go into Rhoda's office, Helen Rowland, John's mother, comes out of the office next to Rhoda. She watches as they go into Rhoda's office.

Rhoda's Office

Rhoda is looking through the photo album.

Rhoda: "Wow! It looks like you spend lots of time with these kids."

Carlos: "Oh, we take our roles as godparents very seriously. Don't we, honey?"

Gabrielle: "Mm-hmm. Yes."

Rhoda: "Oh, they're precious. What are their names?"

Gabrielle: "Parker and, uh, Porter, uh, and, uh, well, they're all P's. It is super cute."

Helen stands in the doorway.

Rhoda: "One sec. Do you need me, Helen?"

Helen walks into the room.

Helen: "Hello, Gabrielle. Carlos. I didn't know you were adopting."

Gabrielle: "Preston! The other one's name is Preston."

Carlos: "Helen, you work here?"

Rhoda: "You all know each other? What a small world."

Helen: "It sure is. Mrs. Solis hired my son to do her yard work. And also, she would rape him."

Gabrielle: "Okay, first of all it was statutory and it happened so long ago."

Helen: "Was it? I think it was only about a year ago. No, it was a year, because it was right before your husband went to prison on slave labor charges."

Helen picks up the Solis file from Rhoda's desk.

Helen: "Rhoda, if you don't mind, I think I'll handle the Solis case myself. I'd like to make it my top priority."

Rhoda: "Okay."

Helen: "Oh, and, um, Gabrielle, don't bother trying to contact any other adoption agencies in the area. I'll make sure they know all about you."

Hospital Room

Lynette is visiting Susan.

Susan: "I think I have to break up with Dr. Ron."

Lynette: "What? Why?"

Susan: "Because he's a gem. And apparently he loves me."

Lynette: "I'm sorry. I'm not following."

Susan: "Lynette, he is everything I could possibly want in a boyfriend, and I just don't know if I feel that spark. You know, and I really want to."

Lynette: "Aw, sweetie."

Susan: "And he keeps telling me how special I am and how much I mean to him, how he wants to hold my beating heart in his hand.

Lynette: "Ew."

Susan: "Mmm. Maybe it's because I just haven't felt that thunderbolt yet. You know, with Mike, it hit me. With Karl, it hit me. I didn't have to worry about how I felt because the thunderbolt told me."

Lynette: "Yeah, yeah. Gotta love the thunderbolt."

Susan: "Do I, though? I mean, I do. But I don't trust it anymore. You know, those relationships turned out to be disasters. Maybe I should stick it out with Dr. Ron and I should try heading down a road that's growing and slower into a sort of kind of love that would sustain itself for fifty years. Right? Stability, comfort, endurance. I deserve that."

Lynette: "Oh, yes! Of course you do. Still, you gotta love the thunderbolt."

Susan: "That's not helpful."

Lynette: "Sorry."

Gabrielle's House - Nighttime

Carlos: "Ah, this is a sign."

Gabrielle: "Will you shut up?"

Carlos: "We lost a baby, found out we can't conceive another one, and ran into Helen Rowland at an adoption agency. God is obviously trying to tell us something."

Gabrielle: "Carlos, we're Catholics, okay? God is pretty Johnny One Note on the whole subject of procreation. Hey, and will you stop with this defeatist attitude? Okay, do you want a baby or not?"

Carlos: "I think it's time that we faced reality. We're bad people and we probably don't even deserve to be parents."

Gabrielle: "Well, then who the hell does? I mean, look at all the idiots popping out kids. Okay, they're not any more qualified than we are."

Carlos: "I don't know."

Gabrielle: "Look, Carlos. It doesn't matter what we've done in our past. Being a parent means rising to the occasion, and that's exactly what we're gonna do when we bring our baby home."

Carlos: "This is the first time I really felt like you wanted to have a baby."

Gabrielle: "Well, this is the first time someone told me I couldn't have one."

Carlos: "Okay, so what are we gonna do? I mean, no adoption agency is gonna touch us now."

Gabrielle: "There are ways to get babies, Carlos. It just might cost us."

Mary Alice's House - Nighttime

Mike: "I have some contacts in the police department. I've been making calls, but I can't seem to get a straight answer about your dad."

Zach: "I don't understand. How do they just lose somebody?"

Mike: "They don't, not by accident. But I don't think what happened to your dad was an accident."

Zach: "What's that supposed to mean?"

The doorbell rings. Zach rushes toward the door.

Mike: "Zach!"

He puts his hand on his gun and Zach opens the door to reveal Felicia Tilman standing there, holding a tray of food.

Zach: "Mrs. Tilman."

Felicia: "Hello, Zachary. You look terrible. Oh, Mr. Delfino. Isn't this just a picture?"

Mike: "Felicia, why are you here?"

Felicia: "Young Zachary and I didn't exactly part on the best of terms."

She turns her head and her neck cracks.

Felicia: "In fact, when the weather's damp, I'm still reminded of our last good-bye. But forgive and forget. That's my motto. Macaroon?"

A police car pulls up in front of the Young house. A battered Paul gets out. Felicia looks shocked.

Flashback - Police Van

The two prisoners are fighting with Paul. Paul begins fighting back. A uniformed officer runs to the van and opens the door. Paul and one of the guys fall out.

Present Day - Outside Mary Alice's House

Zach runs out and hugs his father. Felicia stares at Paul in shock.

Zach: "Dad! You all right?"

Paul and Zach walk back to the house. Paul takes a macaroon from Felicia's tray.

Paul: "Now how did you know I love macaroons?"

Paul's Living Room

Mike: "It won't end here, you know. Noah Taylor doesn't give up."

Paul: "Don't worry about us. We'll be gone by morning."

Mike: "No, it's too late for that now. I guarantee he's got people watching you."

Paul: "What is it with you anyway? First, you want me to run. Now you want us to stick around like sitting ducks for this maniac."

Mike: "Go ahead. Run. Noah's got the cops in his pocket. What do you think it's gonna happen the first time you try to buy gas with a credit card or open a new bank account?"

Paul: "So, I'm a dead man."

Mike: "Maybe not. Not if we use what leverage we have."

Paul: "No way."

Mike: "The old man's gonna be dead in a couple of months, maybe less. Let him meet Zach, play the doting grandfather."

Paul: "I said forget it."

Zach, on the stairs, overhears them and comes down.

Zach: "I'll do it. If it means he'll leave us alone, I'm ready to be leveraged."

Advertising Agency

Lynette and Tom are in the elevator.

Lynette: "Nicholson will be coming in in about fifteen minutes with a pitch, so let's grab everybody and make sure we're all on the same page."

The elevator door opens and Lynette starts to walk out, but Tom grabs her arm and pulls her back in.

Tom: "Hang on a second."

He pushes the 'stop' button on the elevator.

Lynette: "What's going on?"

Tom: "I need to say this."

Lynette: "Ah, yeah..."

Tom: "I have been giving you a lot of grief lately about being the boss. But it's just hard for a guy to feel like he's not in charge of any part of his life."

Lynette: "But, honey, it goes back and forth."

Tom: "I know. But it just feels a little one-sided lately and sometimes I need to drive the train. But, look, I know it is my issue. It's my issue and I will step up and deal with it."

Tom begins to kiss Lynette passionately. He starts undressing Lynette.

Lynette: "Mmm. Whoa. Hello. What's going on, huh?"

Tom: "Picking up where we left off. Last night."

Lynette: "Oh, I get it. I get it. Ooh! This is your idea of driving the train. And it's very manly and really impressive, but it's really, really bad timing. You can't be serious. Mmm. We're gonna, we're gonna be late."

Tom: "Yeah, we are going to be late."

Lynette: "Okay."

Attorney's Office

Attorney: "There is nothing more important than family. And I think it's so unfair some are denied their god-given right to parent just because of a few sordid incidents in their past. Now I may have to explore some unconventional paths to find your child. I might even have to take action some might view as unsavory. But before I do, I need proof that the two of you are prepared to face the challenges ahead."

Gabrielle pulls a check out of her purse and hands it to him.

Gabrielle: "Twenty-thousand dollars. Is that proof enough for you?"

Attorney: "Yes, it is."

Noah's House

A nurse leads Mike and Zach in to see Noah.

Noah: "Nice to meet you, young man."

Zach: "I'm not gonna hug you. I don't care if you are my grandfather."

Noah: "Ah. That's okay. Hugging's not really my thing. Mike, could you wait outside? I'd like to be alone with Zachary."

Mike: "Not a chance."

Zach: "Just curious, why was it so important you see me?"

Noah: "You're my grandson, my flesh and blood. Isn't it only natural I'd want a relationship with you?"

Zach: "What kind of relationship can we have when I know you tried to kill my dad?"

Noah: "Surely, you can understand the rage I must feel towards your father."

Zach: "Go ahead. Feel all the rage you wanna feel. But if anything happens to him, I swear to god you are never gonna see me again."

Noah: "You only met me two minutes ago, and here you are, already blackmailing me. I couldn't be prouder."

Zach: "I'm serious. I want you to swear you're not gonna do anything to my dad."

Noah: "Which dad? You have two of 'em."

Zach pauses.

Zach: "You know who I'm talking about. My dad, the man who raised me, the only man I'm ever gonna care about. So swear."

Noah: "I swear. Well, now that the ground rules have been set, who's up for some meaningless small talk?"

Zach looks at Mike, who turns away.

Hospital Waiting Room

Karl is sitting reading the paper. Mike walks in with flowers.

Karl: "Well, if it isn't the plumber. You here to see Susan?"

Mike: "Uh, yeah, I just wanted to talk to her before her operation."

Karl: "You're cutting it kinda close. She's just about to be wheeled into surgery. You know, she's dating her surgeon."

Mike: "Yeah, she told me. You met him?"

Karl: "Yeah. He's, like, six years old. Those for her?"

Mike: "Yeah. The florist was having a sale on lilacs."

Karl: "Dr. Ron just bought her the biggest bouquet of roses you've ever seen. It was disgusting. And the note that went with it made my teeth hurt, it was so saccharin. He used words like soul mate and eternity. I almost puked in the vase."

Mike: "What'd Susan think about that?"

Karl: "She seemed to be really into it."

Susan is being wheeled out of her room on a gurney. She sees Mike in the waiting room.

Susan ( groggy ): "Mike! Oh, wait, stop! Go back! Stop! Stop a second. Hey! What are you doing here?"

Mike: "I just, uh, wanted to wish you luck before your surgery."

Susan: "Aw, that's so sweet. You came all the way down here just for me."

Mike: "Yep. That's why I came."

Susan: "Oh, it means a lot to me that you came."

Mike: "Well, you take care, Susan."

Susan: "Okay. Bye."

They wheel Susan away.

Karl: "You forgot to give her your flowers."

Mike: "Ah, it's no big deal."

Operating Room

Dr. Ron: "Hi, Susan. How are those drugs working for you? You feeling good?"

Susan: "Super-duper. How you feeling?"

Dr. Ron: "Well, um, you know I want you to know, what I said the other day, that corny stuff about me holding your heart in my hands, well, what I meant to say was, my feelings for you, they keep growing, and, uh, I think, well, I hope that you feel the same way about me. Ah, hell, Susan. I love you."

Susan: "Aw, thank you. I love Mike."

Dr. Ron: "Mike? Susan, who's Mike?"

Susan: "Mike is love."

Dr. Ron: "Who the hell is Mike?"

Nurse Hisel: "I don't know, but she's married to a guy named Karl. I'm so, so sorry. I should've told you, Dr. Ron."

Susan: "Mmm, Mike, Mike, Mike..."

Nurse Hisel: "Oh, why are you always falling in love with skanks? You beautiful, beautiful man!"

As she runs from the room crying, Dr Cunningham walks in.

Dr. Cunningham: "Okay, ready to go here?"

Dr. Ron: "Yeah. Sure. Let's cut this bitch open."

Bree's Kitchen

Bree is emptying bottles of wine into the sink.

Andrew: "What are you doing?"

Bree: "Your lawyer left a message on my machine. It seems we have a hearing in four weeks and I wanna be ready."

Andrew: "Oh, I get it. So, uh, so you're gonna pretend to be sober for the judge?"

Bree: "Oh, there's no pretending. I am going to my first A.A. meeting tomorrow. Of course, I picked one in the worst part of town so I won't run into anybody I know. Which, of course, means I will."

Andrew: "All right, so what is that gonna prove?"

Bree: "Perception is reality, Andrew. And if people perceive me to have a drinking problem, then I do. And I certainly don't want some idiotic judge using my hobby as an excuse to make you rich. So I'm simply going to give up my wine and become a recovering alcoholic."

Andrew: "Good plan, but it'll never work. See, I'll bet you still end up coming to court hammered."

Bree: "Oh, Andrew, you don't think I love you enough to give up alcohol?"

Andrew: "Look, I'm seventeen, all right? So, you can only keep me here for another year. Why not just let me go?"

Bree: "Because I'm not done with you yet. It's my job to teach you and you are not half the man I know you can be."

Andrew: "Yeah, well, I got news for you. This is as good as I'm gonna get."

Bree: "If I really thought that, I'd get a gun right now and kill us both."

Andrew: "Mom, we're both so unhappy. Why not just let me take my trust fund and I'll get out of your hair forever? Please."

Bree shakes her head no.

Andrew: "You're a stone cold bitch, you know that?"

He turns and walks out. Bree throws a bottle of wine at the refrigerator where it shatters. Andrew turns around, looking shocked.

Bree: "I'm sorry. I didn't quite catch that."

Andrew: "I hate you."

Bree: "You know, the opposite of love isn't hate. It's indifference. And if you hate me, that means you still care and we're still connected and I still have a chance to set you right."

Andrew walks out of the room.

"This is how Bree van de Kamp finally came to change her weekly routine."

Bree takes a dustpan and broom and sweeps up the glass.

"She still cleaned on Tuesdays..."

Bree's Dining Room

Bree is at her dining room table paying her bills.

"...paid her bills on Wednesdays..."

Bree's Laundry Room

Bree picks up a laundry basket full of clothes.

"...and did her laundry on Thursdays."

Outside Bree's House

Bree gets into her car.

"But her Fridays were now reserved for a meeting."

Room

Bree sits in a circle with a group of people in a large room.

"A special meeting where she stood in front of people she didn't know..."

Bree: "My name is Bree and I am an alcoholic."

"...and said things she didn't believe."

Bree's House

Bree moves some boxes on a high shelf and takes a hidden bottle of wine down. She pours a glass and drinks.

"And afterwards, Bree would come home and reward herself on the completion of another successful week."

Gabrielle anxiously looks out her front window and smiles as a car pulls up in front of the house.

"Gabrielle Solis had always been a demanding shopper."

Gabrielle: "Carlos, come on, they're here!"

"And whatever the purchase, she always expected the very best."

Flashback - Gabrielle's Front Porch

Gabrielle opens the door to the delivery man, who hands her a package.

"Whether it was exotic perfume shipped over from Paris..."

Flashback - Gabrielle's Front Porch

A delivery man hands Gabrielle another package.

"...a high fashion gown straight from a runway in Milan..."

Flashback - Gabrielle's Front Porch

A delivery man hands Gabrielle a stack of shoe boxes.

"...or designer shoes flown in from Manhattan."

Present - Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle stands in her foyer, visibly excited.

"But on this day, her expectations were going to be put to the test."

Carlos enters the foyer and kisses Gabrielle.

"You see, Gabrielle was now shopping for a baby."

Gabrielle and Carlos open the front door.

"And there was a problem with the manufacturer."

Gabrielle's Front Porch

Their lawyer, Mr. Beale, is standing with a very unattractive pregnant girl.

Gabrielle's Living Room

Mr. Beale is sitting on the couch with the very unattractive girl.

Deanna: "Mostly, I just want to feel like I'm giving my baby to people who have what it takes to be really great parents."

Carlos: "Well, you won't find another couple with more love for a child. Isn't that right, honey? Honey?"

Gabrielle: "What? Right, lots of love. Honey, can I talk to you for a second?"

Carlos and Gabrielle go out to the front porch.

Gabrielle: "Okay, look, we have to find another mother."

Carlos: "Why?"

Gabrielle: "Okay, this isn't easy to say, so I'm just gonna say it, but have you taken a good look at her?"

Carlos: "Oh, my god. Are you trying to say that you don't want Deanna's baby because she's plain?"

Gabrielle: "No, plain I can handle. Carlos, since that woman has walked into our house, the clocks have stopped working."

Carlos: "No one can predict what a child is gonna look like. For all you know, her kid could end up winning beauty contests."

Gabrielle: "With her D.N.A., the only thing that kid's gonna be winning is best in show. Look, Carlos, I am sorry, but I want a pretty baby, so let's find another mother."

Carlos: " Mm-mm, I'm not gonna let your shallow obsession with looks screw this up. I want a child. Any child."

Gabrielle: "Fine. Just know that in a couple of days, when that thing is born, and you're gonna have to cuddle and snuggle up with something with that face on it, don't come crying to me."

Carlos and Gabrielle go back into the living room.

Carlos: "I'm sorry. Now, where were we?"

Mr. Beale: "We were just talking about the custody arrangement once Deanna gives birth. It's usually best that the mother doesn't see the child at all. So, as soon as the doctors finish giving their initial checkup..."

Carlos watches as Deanna take a chip and dips it into guacamole. She bites into the chip and there is guacamole left on her face. Carlos continues watching her eat the chips, licking off the guacamole and becomes disgusted. Carlos glances sideways at Gabrielle.

Mr. Beale: "...the baby will be handed over to you."

"Yes, Gabrielle had always been a demanding shopper."

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Gabrielle closes the attorney's passenger on Deanna.

Gabrielle: "Sorry."

"Because she knew there are some purchases that can't be returned."

Opening Credits

Hospital Hallway

Several hospital staff members are wheeling Deane into the delivery room.

"At 6:10 the next morning, Deanna Pruse went into premature labor and gave birth to what would eventually be an incredibly attractive baby boy."

Hospital Delivery Room

A nurse holds the baby as the doctor cuts the umbilical cord.

"Dr. Hanson Mills cut the umbilical cord, forever separating mother and child."

Hospital Hallway

Dr. Ron is walking to Susan's room.

"At that exact same moment, Dr. Ron McCready entered the private room of Susan Mayer with every intention of severing their connection."

Dr. Ron: "Hey there. How's it going?"

Susan: "Great. I'm about to be released."

Susan is in a wheelchair.

Dr. Ron: "Oh, that's terrific. Who's Mike?"

Susan: "I, why do you ask?"

Susan wheels herself away from Dr. Ron and bumps into various pieces of furniture.

Dr. Ron: "I don't know. No reason. Ah, it's just, uh, just before the operation, just before you went under, I said, 'I love you,' and you said, 'I love Mike.'"

Susan: "I did? Oh, is that why you hadn't been in to see me since my surgery?"

Dr. Ron: "Answer the question."

Susan: "I don't even know a Mike."

Dr. Ron: "Everyone knows a Mike."

Susan: "Yes, everyone does know a Mike. Actually, you're right. I did know a Mike in college. We did this play together, Pippin. It wasn't very good. Anyways, I never thought of him, so you shouldn't be accusing me. I was probably just hallucinating."

Dr. Ron: "Fine, fine. So, who's the guy you're married to?"

Susan: "Damn that Nurse Heisel!"

Dr. Ron: "Or should I say, who's the guy you're cheating on?"

Susan: "Okay, yes, I did remarry my ex, but it was only because he has great health insurance. Did Miss Blabbermouth tell you that, too?"

Dr. Ron: "You, you committed insurance fraud?"

Susan: "Only in the legal sense. And I just didn't tell you because I wanted to protect you."

Dr. Ron: "Susan."

Susan: "Okay, you know what? You should come over to dinner and meet Karl, and you can see that there is absolutely nothing between us."

Dr. Ron: "So wait, once you're fully recovered, you're gonna divorce him?"

Susan: "Oh, yeah, that's the plan. I swear."

Dr. Ron: "And you swear that you're not in love with anyone named Mike?"

Susan: "Sure."

Dr. Ron: "Okay. Come here."

He hugs Susan.

Dr. Ron: "I believe you."

Alcohol Anonymous Meeting

Bree is sitting in a circle with other AA members. She is embroidering and not paying attention to what anyone is confessing.

Member #1: "Next morning, I woke up in an alley. My wallet had been stolen. I was lying in a pool of my own vomit. That's when I knew I'd hit rock bottom."

Everyone claps.

Peter: "Okay, who's next? Bree."

Bree: "Oh, um, I couldn't possibly top that. Thank you, though."

After the meeting, Bree is cleaning off the messy refreshment table when the counselor, Peter, walks up to her.

Bree: "Hi. Before coming to these meetings, I never realized how messy substance abusers can be."

Peter: "We usually leave the doughnut crumbs for the Overeaters Anonymous group that meets after us. You know, just to mess with 'em."

Bree: "You're awful."

Peter: "So tell me, Bree. How long have you been sober?"

Bree: "Gosh, um, I'm not exactly sure."

Peter: "Oh. Is somebody still drinking?"

Bree: "Now why would you say that?"

Peter: "I've never met an alcoholic yet who didn't know exactly how long it'd been since his last drink."

Bree: "Okay, you got me. I'm not really an alcoholic."

Peter: "You don't say."

Bree: "It's true. I'm coming here because of my son. You see, he's, he's trying to take me to court to become an emancipated minor, and he's planning on lying to the judge and telling him that I am some sort of dreadful lush. So I'm coming to these meetings to give the impression that I have changed."

Peter: "But you don't really need to change because you don't have a problem with alcohol."

Bree: "Exactly."

Peter: "I'll tell you what. Here's my card and if you ever do have a problem or you just feel like talking, give me a call, okay?"

Bree: "I know you think I'm kidding myself, but I'm not. I'm nothing like you people. I just don't have a compulsive personality."

She does a quick check of the table, then walks off. Peter looks down at a perfectly immaculate table.

Parcher & Murphy - Lynette's Office

Lynette is serving donuts and pastries to a woman, Veronica, being interviewed. Veronica is eating a donut.

Lynette: "Word is out all over town that you're unhappy at Zimms, so why not jump ship and come to Parcher Murphy? I swear, Veronica, you would fit in so well here."

Veronica: "I do need to make a change, Lynette, but the money you're offering..."

Lynette: "Yeah, it sucks but there are other perks: the expense account, the corner office..."

Veronica: "I don't know. You're just gonna have to give me some time to think about it."

Veronica grabs another donut and begins eating.

Lynette: "Fair enough, fair enough. Okay, what is your secret? How can you eat like that and keep your figure?"

Veronica: "It's the breast-feeding. It burns so many calories. It's like having a treadmill strapped to your chest."

Lynette: "I didn't know you had a child."

Veronica: "Yes, my son Donovan. He's the love of my life."

Lynette: "Really, Veronica? Well, you know, there's another perk that I just thought of."

Parcher & Murphy - Day Care Center

Veronica and Lynette are looking in the center.

Veronica: "Oh, my gosh, this is fantastic! They don't have day care at Zimms."

Lynette: "How can they not? For working parents like you and me, it's a necessity. So, is the pot getting sweeter?"

Veronica: "Would people here be cool about my breast-feeding Donovan? The guys at Zimms were real jerks about that."

Lynette: "Parcher & Murphy is completely mother-friendly. No one would say a word."

Veronica: "Oh! What the heck, I'm in."

Lynette: "Yeah? Well, that's fantastic!"

Veronica: "Oh, my god, whose kids are those?"

Lynette's sons are knocking over a table, shouting and laughing.

Lynette: "I have absolutely no idea. Let's go hammer out the details."

Veronica: "Okay."

Mr. Beale's Office

Carlos and Gabrielle are looking at photos of prospective mothers. The photos look like mug shots.

Carlos: "Mm. Ooh."

Gabrielle: "These can't be our only choices, Mr. Beale. I mean, come on. Each girl is uglier than the next."

Mr. Beale: "Look, finding a gorgeous pregnant woman who's willing to give her baby to a couple with a criminal record isn't exactly a walk in the park."

Gabrielle: "I don't care if it's a walk in the sewer. We are hemorrhaging money into your bank account and I expect to see results."

Mr. Beale: "You know, Mrs. Solis, you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar."

Gabrielle: "If I wanted to catch flies, all I would have to do is call up one of these girls. Trust me, the flies would follow."

The intercom beeps.

Receptionist: "Excuse me, sir, there's a Libby Collins here for you."

Mr. Beale: "I'll be right out there. Uh, I took the liberty of inviting this girl down here to meet you. Now I wouldn't exactly say she's a quality human being, but she is attractive. If you don't respond to her, I'm afraid I'm out of ideas."

Mr. Beale leaves the room.

Carlos: "He's going to dump us as clients if you don't stop being so damn picky."

Gabrielle: "We are gonna have to stare at this face for the next eighteen years. I don't think now is the time to skimp on quality."

Mr. Beale enters with a beautiful pregnant blonde woman.

Mr. Beale: "Gabrielle, Carlos...I'd like you to meet Libby."

Gabrielle (whispering to Carlos): "Well, now, this I can work with."

Later, Libby, Carlos, Gabrielle and Mr. Beale are all sitting in his office talking.

Libby: "So, getting pregnant was the worst thing that could've ever happened to me, 'cause I went into debt and I had to stop performing."

Mr. Beale: "Libby's a pole dancer in a strip club."

Gabrielle: "Oh! Wow, that, that sounds like interesting work."

Libby: "You'd think so, but it gets old quickly. My big dream is to become a choreographer."

Carlos: "Really?"

Libby: "Yeah. I made up this one move. It's called the serpent's tongue, and all the girls at the club are doing it now. It's so cool. If I had a pole I could show you."

Carlos: "Well, we'll have to go down to the club and check that out. We'll make a night of it."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, we'll do that. So, Libby, who's the father?"

Libby: "Honesty, I don't know. I mean, there's a lot of guys who come into the club, and they all buy me drinks, and sometimes I get a little bit more friendly than I intend to. I hope you don't think I'm a slut."

Gabrielle: "No. No, actually, all we think about when we look at you is how pretty you are."

Carlos: "Well, I've heard enough, Mr. Beale. If Libby here likes us as much as much as we like her, we should just go ahead and move to adopt her baby girl."

Libby: "First, we should probably talk about how much money I want."

Mr. Beale: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Nobody's buying a baby here. That's illegal. Money can never exchange hands. Libby, you'll make a list of your expenses and the Solises here will pay."

Libby: "Oh, but can't they also buy me gifts? I knew this one girl who gave up her baby and she got a Harley."

Carlos: "Well, I don't know that we can afford a Harley, but I'm sure we'll find some way to express our gratitude."

Libby looks at Gabrielle and Carlos's hands, which are intertwined, and at the flashy jewelry they're each wearing.

Libby: "Okay. Whatever. Well, my lunch break is over, so I have get back to the club. 'Till I get rid of this kid, they got me slinging drinks. It was really nice to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Soulless."

Gabrielle: "Oh, it's actually pronounced Solis."

Libby: "Sorry. So what kind of name is that?"

Carlos: "Ah, it's Mexican. Both our families come from Guadalajara."

Libby: "Huh. I figured you were Italian."

Gabrielle: "Nope. Latino. Proud of it."

Libby: "Good for you."

She leaves.

Susan's House

Susan (in a wheelchair), Bree, and Gabrielle at looking at pictures of Libby.

Susan: "Wow, she's gorgeous."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, my little girl's gonna inherit some wonderful genes."

Bree: "Is this Libby's real hair color?"

Gabrielle: "Yes, it's all natural, from her straight teeth to her C cup. And I know she's athletic because she's a pole dancer, so I really hope that my little girl inherits that as well. No, the athletic gene, not the pole dancing gene."

The ladies turn as they hear Karl calling out.

Karl: "Susie, baby? Oh, I got your call, uh, I thought I'd stop by. I didn't realize you had company. Hello, ladies."

Karl starts to wheel Susan out of the room.

Susan: "Um, we'll just be a second."

Karl: "Just be a second."

Susan: "Be right back."

They leave the room.

Bree: "Did he just call her baby?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah. When did they stop hating each other?"

Susan's Dining Room

Susan: "I need you to ditch Edie tomorrow night and have dinner with Dr. Ron and me."

Karl: "Now why would I do that?"

Susan: "Well, for starters, because you banged your secretary and you owe me for the rest of your life."

Karl: "I'll bring the wine."

Susan's Living Room

Bree: "Well, you know, before Mike came along, I always just assumed they'd get back together."

Gabrielle: "Why? I thought they always annoyed the heck out of each other."

Bree: "You didn't know them during the good times. I mean, there was such a spark between them, so much passion. They would always make each other laugh."

Susan's Dining Room

Karl laughs.

Karl: "You actually told Dr. Ron that you still love Mike?"

Susan: "Okay, will you shut up? It's not funny. I was drugged."

Karl: "Right, sorry, sorry. So how'd you get out of that one?"

Susan: "I lied and I told him I didn't know a Mike."

Karl: "Everyone knows a Mike."

Susan: "I am aware of that."

Karl: "So why didn't you just"

Susan: "Because I panicked. Okay, Dr. Ron hadn't come in to see me since the operation and I was feeling insecure and..." (whispers) "I just didn't feel like the truth was a luxury I could afford." (normal voice) "Yes, go ahead. You may resume laughing."

Karl wheels Susan back into the living room. Karl is laughing.

Karl: "Ladies, always a pleasure."

He kisses Susan on the forehead.

Karl: "And you, I'll see you tomorrow."

He leaves and Susan notices the other women staring at her.

Susan: "What?"

Advertising Agnecy - Lynette's Office

Veronica: "This is just a preliminary sketch, but you see what I'm thinking of?"

Lynette: " I love it. I just love it. Let's get a copy to Ed."

Lynette's cell phone rings.

Lynette: "Oh, shoot. I gotta take this one. I'm sorry. It's Tom."

Veronica's nanny is outside Lynette's door.

Veronica: "That's okay. My nanny is here with my son. I need to go feed him anyway."

Lynette: "Perfect! Take your time." (into the phone) "Hey, honey. How's the Big Apple treating you? Good. Did those, uh, snooty clients like your pitch? Well, that's perfect. Excellent."

Lynette looks out her office. She sees Veronica walking a five-year-old child toward her office. Lynette seems shocked.

Lynette: "Uh-huh. Um, I'm... I'm, um... I'm gonna have, I'm gonna call you back."

Lynette hangs up and watches as Veronica closes her office blinds. Lynette walks over to Veronica's office, trying to see inside. There is a crack in the blinds. Lynette sees Veronica nursing her five-year-old son. Ed walks by and looks to see what Lynette is looking at.

Ed: "Oh, my god!"

Lynette squeals and they both walk away quickly.

Andrew's Room

Andrew and his attorney are sitting on the bed talking. Bree walks in with a tray.

Bree: "Hello there! I thought you and your friend might like some snacks."

Andrew: "He's my lawyer and this is privileged communication, so get out."

Mr. Bormanis: "Andrew, there's no need to be rude. This is very kind of you, Mrs. Van de Kamp."

Bree: "Well, I'm still appalled that you're helping my son with this ridiculous emancipation scheme, but you are a guest in my house and guests get sandwiches."

Andrew: "You know, if you'd let me go to his office, you wouldn't have to pretend to be nice to him."

Bree: "Andrew, there may be a judge out there stupid enough to emancipate you, but until you find him, I retain all my parental rights. One of which is to ground your sorry behind until kingdom come. Mr. Bormanis, nice to see you again, and, um, please don't get crumbs on my carpet."

Bree leaves the room.

Andrew: "You have got to get me out of here. That bitch is driving me crazy."

Mr. Bormanis: "This case is not a slam dunk. Her drinking was supposed to be our silver bullet, but since she joined AA..."

Andrew: "We've gotta do something, because if she wins, she's gonna own me."

Mr. Bormanis: "My advice? Convince her it's in her best interest to let you go. You don't wanna see the inside of a courtroom."

Andrew: "Why?"

Mr. Bormanis: "In family court, appearance means everything. If she came off abusive or stoned or even uncaring, we'd be in good shape. But if there's one thing your mom understands..."

Andrew: "It's presentation."

Mr. Bormanis takes a bite of his sandwich, holding his hand underneath it to catch any crumbs.

Betty's Living Room

Betty is playing the piano when Matthew walks in.

Matthew: "Can I borrow fifty dollars?"

Betty: "Purse."

She stops playing as he gets her wallet out of her purse and hands it to her.

Betty: "Why do you want so much money?"

Matthew: "I'm nineteen. Sometimes I need money. Do I have to be interrogated?"

Betty: "You do if you want a dime out of me. What's it for?"

Matthew: "Danielle's having her birthday next week. I just wanna be sure I can get her a decent present."

Betty: "Write her a poem. It's free."

She continues playing. Matthew bangs on the piano.

Betty: "Is there something else you want?"

Matthew: "Do you think I like to beg for money? I do this because you won't let me get a job."

Betty: "Looking after your brother is a full-time job for both of us and you know that."

Matthew: "Well, screw him!"

Betty: "Matthew!"

Matthew: "No, I'm serious, mom, because we have both put our entire lives on hold, and for what? It's been almost a year and he hasn't gotten any better."

Betty: "I see him improving!"

Matthew (yelling): "That's because you see what you wanna see! It is time to put him away, mom. Just let some professionals take care of him. We wouldn't have to move. We could have our lives back."

Caleb comes downstairs.

Caleb: "What's wrong? You fighting?"

Betty: "No, sweetie. Matthew's friend, Danielle, has a birthday coming up. We were just talking about what gift to give her."

Matthew: "Well, I was thinking jewelry...so fifty bucks should do it."

Betty pulls a bill out of her wallet and hands it to Matthew.

Betty: "Why not twenty? You don't wanna spoil her."

Parcher & Murphy - Conference Room

The staff is gathered around the table when Veronica's son, Donovan, walks in.

Lynette: "On page six is an example of the new print ad. Check it out."

Donovan: "I'm thirsty."

Veronica: "Oh, shh, honey, everyone's working. I'm sorry. This'll just take a sec."

Veronica walks out with her son.

Ed: "Is it just me or is that bizarre?"

Jerry: "It's bizarre. Totally bizarre."

All the men in the room throw down the bagels they were eating.

Ed: "We gotta make her stop this."

Lynette: "Hey, don't get me wrong, I find that as bizarre as you guys do, but right now this firm needs Veronica more than she needs us. Telling a mother how to raise her kids is an act of war. We will lose her."

Ed: "The kid is five. It's disgusting!"

Lynette: "Yeah, well we'll just ask her to keep the blinds always drawn when she nurses."

Ed: "We still know what's going on in there. It's a distraction. And god forbid a client sees her."

Lynette: "Okay, so who's gonna tell her?"

Ed: "You're a woman. It's easier for you to talk to her about milk and boobs and stuff."

Lynette: "No! No, uh, please. Don't make me do it. Why don't you have Jerry tell her?"

Jerry: "I made a pass at her yesterday. It'd be weird."

Ed: "You could do it without offending her. Come on, Lynette. Take one for the team."

Lynette: "Okay, but for the record, the team is made up of wimps."

Ed: "Well, the team's aware of that and accepts your loathing."


Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is pouring a glass of milk and Carlos is on the phone.

Carlos: "Yeah? Hi. No, no, no. We were just out buying some stuff for the baby. What's up? Seriously. Okay. Thanks for calling."

Gabrielle: "What is it?"

Carlos: "That was our lawyer. Libby rejected us as parents."

Gabrielle: "Why?"

Carlos: "Because we're Mexican."

Gabrielle: "What? That's discrimination. It's illegal. We could have her arrested."

Carlos: "It's her baby. She can do whatever the hell she wants to with it. Damn it."

Gabrielle: "No! No, you don't just toss people aside because of the color of their skin."

Carlos: "We tossed those birth mothers aside because of their appearance."

Gabrielle: "Well, that's different."

Carlos: "Why?"

Gabrielle: "Because I've read the constitution and it does not protect ugly people."

Carlos: "Let's not fight about it. It's over. Let's just move on to the next one."

Gabrielle: "No. No, no, no. I want that woman's baby, and I'm gonna get it."

Carlos: "And just how are you gonna go about doing that?"

Gabrielle: "Well, first of all, I'm gonna show her one of our tax returns. Once she sees how much money we have, I have a hunch we're gonna look a whole lot whiter."

Parcher & Murphy - Day Care Center

Veronica is just taking Donovan back to the center.

Lynette: "Hey, Veronica. Hi, Donovan! My, he's getting big. How old is he?"

Veronica: "He just turned five."

Lynette: "Oh, wow, he's such a big boy."

Veronica: "Yeah."

Lynette: "Hey you know, breast-feeding on this schedule must be a real hassle. I remember I used to express my milk into a bottle. Made my life so much easier.

Veronica: "Is there a problem, Lynette?"

Lynette: "The people in this office feel a little concerned that you're nursing a boy of Donovan's age."

Veronica: "Do they know breast milk boosts the immune system? It's loaded with vitamins, and in the third world, it's not unusual to nurse babies up to the age of six.

Lynette: "Yeah, well, in the third world, they don't have juice boxes."

Veronica: "This is Donovan's decision. He will tell me when he's ready to stop nursing."

Lynette: "Come on, baby birds don't jump out of the nest, they need to be pushed."

Veronica: "Did you also know that breast milk is thought to raise IQ scores?"

Veronica looks into the day care room where the Scavo boys are hitting each other and yelling while every other child plays quietly.

Veronica: "Yeah, maybe if you had weaned your kids a bit later, they'd be more civilized."

Lynette: "Ouch."

Veronica: "I will not be judged by you or anyone else and if people don't like my breast-feeding, they can talk to my lawyer."

Susan's Dining Room

Susan, Dr. Ron, and Karl are having dinner.

Karl: "And then she took the salad bowl, put it on the floor and said, if you wanna act like a pig, you can eat like a pig.'"

Dr. Ron: "You know, I never thought I'd have such a good time hanging out with my girlfriend and her husband."

Susan: "Yeah, well, believe me, behind all the laughs, there's still plenty of bitterness and resentment."

Dr. Ron: "Oh, really?"

Susan: "Yeah."

Dr. Ron: "Hey, what do you say you and I clear the table and bring on dessert?"

Susan: "No, no. I got it, I got it."

Dr. Ron: "No, honey, you're not gonna do anything. You're in a wheelchair for a reason, okay? Why don't you let Karl and I do the dishes?"

Susan: "All right, but if I catch you guys in there talking about me, you're gonna be the one in a wheelchair."

Dr. Ron: "Oh, really?"

Susan: "Yeah."

Dr. Ron: "Yeah?"

Karl watches them kiss as he walks into the kitchen.

Dr. Ron: "Well, I think maybe the dishes can wait for a second."

Susan ( whispers ): "Just a second?"

Dr. Ron: (whispers) "Yeah, just a second."

Karl walks into the kitchen. He puts the dishes down at the sink and looks out the window. He sees Mike pull into his driveway and walk into his house.

Karl peeks back in the dining room to see Susan and Dr. Ron still kissing. Karl goes back to the kitchen. He takes pliers and loosens the pipe under the sink causing water to spray out. He puts the pliers down and closes the cabinets. Dr. Ron enters the kitchen. He sees water all over the floor.

Dr. Ron: "What the hell?"

Karl: "What's the matter?"

Dr. Ron: "Ah! Jeez, ah, we got a leak."

Karl: "Oh. I'll sop up the water. Why don't you see go see the guy across the street? He's a plumber, in the gray house."

Dr. Ron: "All right. I'll be right back."

Karl: "His name's Delfino."

Susan wheels herself into the kitchen.

Susan: "Where's he going?"

Karl: "Oh, we've got a bit of a plumbing emergency."

Susan: "So you sent him over to Mike's?"

Karl: "Oh, my god. I am such an idiot! I wasn't even thinking."

Susan: "Karl! Oh, god!"

Karl: "There's just so much water here."

Susan: "What were you thinking? Oh, oh!"

Susan wheels herself to the door, bumping into it. Karl looks out the window and sees Dr. Ron knocking on Mike's door.

Mike's House

Dr. Ron: "Hi, Mr. Delfino? My name is Ron. My girlfriend is Susan Mayer. You know, from across the street?"

Mike: "Yeah, yeah, I know her."

Dr. Ron: "We've got kind of a burst pipe."

Mike: "Okay, um, come on in while I get my tools. And you can call me Mike."

Dr. Ron freezes at the name "Mike."

Susan's Front Porch

Susan is rolling down the porch, banging and bumping all the way down the steps.

Susan: "Oh! ugh! Oh, ah, okay. I made it."

She begins rolling the chair toward Mike's.

Mike's House

Dr. Ron: "So, Mike, you, uh, have you known Susan long?"

Mike: "A year and a half."

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Susan continues wheeling herself over to Mike's.

Susan: "Ah! ooh!"

Mike's House

Mike: "Didn't she mention we dated?"

Dr. Ron: "No, no, she didn't. She, she didn't."

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Susan rolling herself, rolls over the curb and the chair tips over and Susan falls out.

Susan: "Oh!"

Mike's House

Dr. Ron: "Can you excuse me, please?"

Dr. Ron walks out.

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Susan rolls over holding her side. She starts climbing up onto the wheelchair when Dr. Ron approaches.

Susan: "That smarts! Aah!"

Dr. Ron: "Liar!"

Susan: "I take it you met Mike."

Dr. Ron: "Yeah, I did."

Susan: "Please, please let me explain."

Dr. Ron: "No, just, just let go of me."

Susan: "Oh!"

Susan grabs Dr. Ron. He pushes her and she falls. Mike sees her fall. He drops his tool box and runs over to Susan's.

Dr. Ron (to Susan): "I'm sorry."

Susan: "Okay."

Dr. Ron: "Here, come on, let me help you."

Mike: "Hey, get away from her!"

He pulls Dr. Ron off of Susan.

Mike: "Are you okay?"

Susan: "I'm fine!"

Mike: "What the hell is the matter with you?"

Dr. Ron: "Hey, that was an accident!"

Mike: "That didn't look like an accident."

Karl watches through the kitchen window.

Susan: "Okay, Mike, just, it's okay. Just go home."

Dr. Ron: "Yeah, go home, Mike."

Mike: "You touch her like that again, you're gonna be dealing with me."

Dr. Ron: "You might wanna get out of my face."

Mike: "Or what?"

Susan: "Oh. Okay."

Mike walks away. Ron grabs and pushes him. Karl watches from the window, eating dessert.

Susan: "Ron, what are you doing?"

Mike gets up and charges Dr. Ron. Dr. Ron runs. Mike grabs him.

Susan: "Oh, my god! Guys, stop it. Stop it, right now!"

Dr. Ron: "All right, all right. I can't believe I wasted my time with you. You've just been leading me on! You're obviously still in love with this guy. All right, I'm done."

Susan: "No, Ron, don't go!"

Dr. Ron: "Don't call me."

Dr. Ron gets in his car and slams the door. Karl smiles from the window, still eating dessert. Ron drives away.

Susan: "Oh, Ron! Oh! Ugh!" (to Mike) "What the hell is wrong with you?"

Mike: "I thought he was hurting you."

Susan: "Well, he wasn't! And now my boyfriend is gone. Thank you very much."

Susan wheels herself away.

Strip Club

Pregnant Libby is sitting at a table while giving instructions to a dancer on the stage dancing around a pole.

Libby: "Okay, but the pole is your friend, okay? Push your boobs up against it."

Cecile: "Oh, I can't. They're new."

Libby: "Well, do something, Cecile. I'm losing my wood down here."

Gabrielle walks in.

Cecile: "Wow! That's a kickin' outfit."

Gabrielle: "Well, thank you, sweetie. I clean up well for a wetback, don't I?"

Libby: "Look, I'm not some sort of racist. I just want what's best for my baby girl. I mean, why should I settle for middle-class Mexicans when I know I can find rich white folks to adopt her?"

Gabrielle: "Please, do I look middle class to you?"

Libby: "Well, you didn't seem all that rich in Mr. Beale's office. I mean, when I brought up the idea of gifts to your husband, he acted like he couldn't even afford a Harley."

Gabrielle: "So is that what it's gonna take to change your mind? A gift? Fine. What do you want?"

Libby: "I don't know."

Gabrielle: "You like jewelry?"

She removes her diamond necklace and hands it to Libby.

Gabrielle: "Well, here."

Libby: "Are these real diamonds?"

Gabrielle: "Honey, the one in the center is three karats."

Libby: "I never touched a real diamond before."

Gabrielle: "Well, my husband and I can expose you to a lot of nice new things."

Libby: "Well, only if I let you have my baby."

Gabrielle: "Well, like they say, there's no such thing as a free lunch."

Libby: "Okay."

Gabrielle: "Really? Just like that?"

Libby: "Just like that. Of course, we probably shouldn't tell the lawyer about our understanding, because then we'll have to deal with percentages and all that."

Gabrielle: "I always hated math."

They shake hands. Gabrielle starts to walk away. She turns back toward Libby.

Libby: "What's wrong?"

Gabrielle: "You never gave a crap that we were Mexican, did you?"

Libby: "Not really."

Gabrielle: "So why put me through this?"

Libby: "Because I thought if it looked like you weren't gonna get my baby that you might be just a bit more generous."

Gabrielle: "Wow. You're a lot smarter than I thought."

Libby: "I'm smarter than everybody thinks."

Parcher & Murphy - Lynette's House

Lynette is drinking from a carton of milk when Donovan walks in.

Donovan: "Where's my mom? I'm thirsty."

Lynette: "Oh, I'm sorry, honey. Your mom is in her office on a conference call and she's busy, so you're just gonna have to wait, okay?"

Donovan: "What's that?"

Lynette: "That's chocolate milk. I shouldn't be having it. Have you ever had any?"

Donovan: "Mm-mm."

Lynette: "Follow me. Here. Go ahead, try it. Come on, you'll really like it. I promise. Come on, yeah. C'mon, all the grown-ups are drinking it. Yeah, that's good. Just chug it on down. Good. You like that?"

Donovan drinks the chocolate milk and smiles.

Department Store

Bree sits at a bar located in the middle of the store.

Bartender: "Would you like dessert or another glass of wine?"

Bree: "Oh, no, thank you. I have to run. Just the, uh, check. I have a charity event this weekend and I have to find a cocktail dress before the store closes. But everything was just yummy."

Bree gets up and sees Andrew and Justin at the counter paying for a purchase.

Andrew: "Looks good on your ass."

Justin: "Thank you."

Andrew: "Yeah."

Bree approaches them.

Justin: "Oh, hey, Mrs. Van de Kamp."

Bree: "What do you think you're doing? You're supposed to be grounded."

Andrew: "I'm, uh, buying a belt."

Bree: "With what? You don't have any money."

Andrew holds up a credit card.

Bree: "You took that out of my purse."

Andrew: "Give that back."

Bree: "We are going home. Wait till I tell the judge about you stealing my credit cards and sneaking off. It's gonna do wonders for your little emancipation case."

Andrew: "I don't think you're gonna let this get to the court."

Andrew: "Oh, and why is that?"

Andrew: "Because then I'd be forced to testify about my childhood."

Bree: "So? You had one of the loveliest childhoods I've ever known."

Andrew: "You sure about that? 'Cause I'm starting to remember some abuse."

Bree: "Andrew, the judge is not seriously gonna believe that I beat you."

Andrew: "Oh, I'm not talking about that kind of abuse. You know, it's funny. The angrier I get, the more these repressed memories start to come up."

Bree: "You can't be serious."

Andrew: "Like, touching me in places you shouldn't have..."

Bree: "No one is ever gonna believe a word of that."

Andrew: "Yeah, well, you know how people are. They might say that they believe you, but they'll always wonder. So if I were you, I'd back the hell off."

Andrew grabs the credit card back.

Andrew: "Come on, Justin. I'm gonna buy you something pretty. Justin!"

Bree walks back to the bar.

Bree: "On second thought, I will have another glass of wine. You can leave the bottle."

Department Store - Nighttime

All the lights are off. Bree wakes up on the floor of a dressing room, wearing a green cocktail dress. She comes out and sees the dark store. She is shocked. She runs to the front door, pulling on the locked gates.

Later, Bree has changed her clothes. She goes back to the gate, pulling on it. She grabs the arm off a mannequin and tries to pry the gate open. The gate opens enough for her to step toward the door. The arm snaps and traps her inside the doorway of the gate. She tries pushing it but is not strong enough to pry it open.

Peter's Apartment - Nighttime

The phone rings. In bed, Peter turns on a light and answers.

Peter: "Yeah?"

Bree: Hi, it's Bree Van de Kamp. I didn't know who else to call, and, well, I'm in a bit of a situation."

Outside Department Store - Nighttime

Peter arrives with a guard who unlocks the gate.

Peter: "Well, how did you get stuck like that?"

Bree: "I would rather not discuss it right now."

Security Guard: "Man, the other security guys are not gonna believe this."

He takes out his camera phone.

Security Guard: "Do you mind?"

Bree: "I'd prefer it you didn't."

The secuity guard snaps a picture anyway.

Peter's Car

Peter: "Your son threatened you with repressed memories? Oh, my god, he is seriously twisted. I gotta meet this kid."

Bree: "You sound like you're impressed."

Peter: "I sorta am. Sounds like you're definitely raising an alpha male."

Bree: "I'm raising a monster is what I'm raising. It's no wonder I drink. I don't know why I said that."

Peter: "Maybe it's true."

Bree: "No, it makes it sound like I think I have a problem and I don't."

Peter: "Look, I don't wanna get into a fight or anything, but you passed out in a department store. And in my way of thinking, that is a problem."

Bree: "Tonight was a very unusual situation. I wish you could've known me when Rex was alive and my kids were young and everything was the way it was supposed to be. I think you really would've liked me so much."

Peter: "I like you just fine."

Bree: "Really? Because I don't."

Bree's House

Danielle comes home and begins calling out as she walks through the house.

Danielle: "Mom? Andrew?"

She goes upstairs to her room. Caleb is sitting on her bed.

Danielle: "Caleb?"

Caleb: "Hey, Danielle."

Danielle: "What are you doing here?"

Caleb: "Happy Birthday."

He holds out a blue brooch to her.

Danielle: "You really have to go home. If my mom knew you were here, she'd freak."

Caleb: "Don't you want to wear it?"

Danielle: "No, I don't. Now please leave."

Caleb: "I can help you with it."

Danielle: "No! Didn't you hear me, you freak? Leave!"

Caleb walks out and Danielle shuts her bedroom door, leaning her back against it.

Veronica's Office

Lynette walks past Veronica's office, where she's crying.

Lynette: "Hey. What's wrong?"

Veronica: "You can tell everyone in the office to relax. He won't take my milk anymore."

Lynette: "Already? I mean, I'm sorry."

Veronica: "Yeah, I bet. I mean, I'm not nave. I just didn't think it would be so soon."

Lynette: "Oh, sweetie, I know that we wanna keep them young as long as we can, but kids grow up. They just do."

Veronica: "I know. If that's not bad enough, now I'm gonna get fat again."

Lynette: "Huh?"

Veronica: "Breast-feeding was the only thing that kept the weight off. Every mealtime was like doing thirty minutes of cardio. Now I'm gonna have to join a gym!"

Lynette: "Wow, that is really a bummer."

Veronica: "It is. It really is."

Susan's House

Susan is lying on the couch reading when Mike comes in.

Mike: "Hey, uh, Julie let me in."

Susan: "I can see that. So, what, did you run out of strangers to beat up on the street and you're going house to house now?"

Mike: "I feel really awful about what happened."

Susan: "If you don't wanna be my boyfriend, fine. Don't beat up the only guy who wants to volunteer for the job."

Mike: "Look, I know I overreacted. But come on, the way he was yelling at you?"

Susan: "I deserved it, believe me. After what I did...God, this is such a mess. He won't even return my phone calls."

Mike: "What'd you do?"

Susan: "I said something to Dr. Ron before the operation, and it just devastated him."

Mike: "What?"

Susan: "I can't tell you."

Mike: "Yeah, you can. You can tell me anything. You know that."

Julie walks in.

Julie: "Mom, um, phone call. It's Dr. Ron."

Susan: "Oh? Um, I need to take this."

Mike: "You, um, you wanna talk about this later?"

Susan: "No. No, not really. Um, what's the point?"

Mike walks out.

Susan ( on the phone ): "Hi."

Hospital Delivery Room

A young woman has given birth.

"At that precise moment, as Dr. Hanson Mills was cutting yet another umbilical cord, other ties were being severed all over town."

Veronica's Office

Veronica hands Donovan a milk carton.

"Like the one between a child and the mother who didn't want him to grow up so quickly..."

Bree's Kitchen

Bree at the sink with a case of wine.

"...or the one between a case of fine wine and the housewife who hadn't wanted to admit that she had a problem..."

Hospital

Dr. Ron is on the phone.

"...or the one between a woman and the boyfriend who couldn't forgive her betrayal."

Strip Club

A young woman dancing around a pole. Libby is wiping off a table when her a man comes up behind her and hugs her.

"The choice to separate from what we love is painful..."

He hugs her and her pregnant belly.

Libby's Boyfriend: "Hey. How's my girl today? How are both of my girls?"

"The only thing worse..."

Libby: "We're doing good. We're doing real good."

"...is when someone we've trusted makes the choice for us."

"On her first day of sobriety, Bree Van de Kamp found an old cork, which reminded her just how much she craved Chablis."

Bree picks up a cork off her counter. She smells it deeply with her eyes closed.

Flashback - Bree's Living Room

Peter and Bree are sitting watching TV eating popcorn.

"So she called her sponsor, who came over with a DVD which they watched till her craving had passed."

Flashback - Bree's Family Room

Peter and Bree are playing cards.

"Five days later after she developed a thirst for merlot, Peter arrived with a deck of cards."

Flashback - Bree's Dining Room

Bree and Peter are eating.

"The next week, he brought over Chinese takeout because Bree had told him she was consumed by thoughts of vintage chardonnay."

Present - Bree's Dining Room

Bree and Peter are playing chess. Bree is staring at Peter as he contemplates the board.

"By her the day of sobriety, Bree had stopped thinking about alcohol altogether because her thoughts were now centered elsewhere."

Bree: "I'm curious, Peter. What is the easiest way to overcome addiction?"

Peter: "Oh, some folks try shock therapy, others use hypnosis. But taking it one day at a time still makes the most sense to me. Why?"

Bree: "I don't know. I guess I'm just impatient to get on with my life."

Bree leans over and kisses Peter on the cheek.

Peter: "What are you doing?"

Bree: "I was just giving you a little kiss."

Peter: "Why?"

Bree: "Well, it's just my way of saying thank you for everything you've done for me over the past few weeks. What's wrong?"

Peter: "This is gonna seem like it's coming out of left field, but in addition to being a recovering alcoholic, I'm also a member of S.A. s*x Addicts Anonymous."

Bree laughs.

Bree: "Oh! And that's a, a real thing?"

Peter: "Yes. s*x is as much an addiction for me as booze. That's why when you turn me on like that it's a bit of a problem."

Bree: "It was just a peck on the cheek."

Peter: "It doesn't matter. The slightest touch gets my juices flowing."

Bree: "So how long has it been since you"

Peter: "A year. They have this rule: plant, pet, person. If I can keep a plant alive, you know, then I can move on to a pet. And if I can make that work, then I can start dating again."

Bree: "So, how are you doing?"

Peter: "I'm on my fourth ficus."

Bree: "Oh."

Bree leans over and kisses Peter on the lips.

Bree: "See? I think you can handle affection better than you give yourself credit for."

Peter grabs Bree and begins kissing her. He rips off his t-shirt and pushes her down on the table, knocking everything off. He stops suddenly and gets off her.

Bree: "What?"

Peter: "I'm sorry. I think I should go."

He runs out.

Bree: "Really? Peter! But, but, you forgot your shirt!"

Peter: "Keep it!"

"Though she didn't know it, Bree had answered her own question. The easiest way to overcome one addiction is to replace it with another."

Bree, lying on the table, smells and hugs Peter's shirt.

Opening Credits

Temptation Strip Club

"Temptation..."

Many men watch a pole dancer.

"It's the name of a well-known establishment on the outskirts of Fairview. Its clientele is devoted. Everyone who goes there wants to get their hands on something."

A stripper is giving a man a lap dance.

"And when they cross a line..."

The man getting the lap dance touches the stripper's leg and Frank, the bouncer, runs up.

Frank: "Hey, I warned you, pal."

"...they are punished."

Frank takes the man away.

"As a certain married couple were about to discover."

A stripper walks up to a table where Gabrielle and Carlos are sitting with a wrapped present in front of them.

Stripper: "Hi, You want a lap dance?"

Carlos: "No, thanks. No."

The stripper walks away. Carlos watches as she walks away.

Carlos: "I sure hope Libby likes this camera."

Gabrielle: "Well, why wouldn't she? It's exactly what she asked for, the most expensive one in the store. You know, I'm telling you, Carlos. I'm getting really tired of kissing her ass."

Carlos: "The woman is giving us her baby. We'll kiss whatever needs kissing."

Libby walks up.

Libby: "What the hell are you guys doing here?"

Carlos: "Ah, we brought you this gift and you said that you didn't want us coming by your house..."

Libby: "Thanks, but I'm working, so you gotta go."

Gabrielle: "Look, we spent a lot of money on that. The least you can do is open it so we can bask in your happy expression."

Frank walks up behind Libby.

Frank: "Is there a problem here?"

Libby: "No, we're just talking. Everything's fine."

Carlos: "Carlos Solis. My wife, Gabrielle. We're friends of Libby's."

Frank: "Oh, hey, I'm Frank, Libby's boyfriend."

Gabrielle: "Libby, you didn't tell us you had a boyfriend."

Libby: "Didn't I? I thought I had."

Frank: "What's that? A present for our baby?"

Carlos: "I'm sorry, did you just say 'our' baby?"

Frank: "Yeah. It's our first."

Susan's Dining Room

Susan and Julie are having lunch when Karl enters.

Karl: "Hey. What's for lunch?"

Susan: "Omelettes. You want me to make you one?"

Karl: "No, thank you. I'll just pick at yours."

Julie: "I didn't know you still had a key, dad."

Karl: "Of course I do. I have to watch out for my two favorite ladies."

Susan: "Try the cheese. That's the best part."

She feeds him some of the omelette from her fork.

Julie: "You mean, two of your three favorite ladies. You know, when you add in Edie."

Karl: "Right! Of course, and speaking of Edie, I have some big news. I finally did it. I popped the question."

Julie: "Oh! Congratulations, dad!"

Susan: "Yeah, congratulations. Um, what happened to waiting six months?"

Karl: "Edie and I aren't getting married tomorrow. It takes months to plan a classy wedding, you know? Remember ours? You had to have it outdoors."

Susan: "Oh! It poured. I could have murdered that weatherman."

Karl: "We were all crammed under this little gazebo thingy."

Susan: "It was hysterical. I thought the whole wedding day was ruined."

Karl: "I loved it! It felt spontaneous. All our friends gathered close around us, hmm? Remember? You said it was the happiest day of your life."

Julie: "Just like you marrying Edie will be the happiest day of her life."

Karl: "Yeah. Right."

Susan: "Her, too."

Karl: "Toodles."

He leaves.

Bree's Kitchen

Bree walks in to find Mr. Bormanis is in the refrigerator getting a soda.

Mr. Bormanis: "Oh, Hi."

Bree: "Hello."

Mr. Bormanis: "Andrew said it was all right for me to get a cream soda."

Bree: "Ah, sure, help yourself. There's also frosted glasses in the freezer."

Mr. Bormanis: "Can is fine, but thank you. Oh, and uh, I left a list for you of the witnesses we'll be deposing. It's there on the counter."

Mr. Bormanis walks out. Bree picks up the list. Lynette Scavo is the first name.

Lynette's Porch - Daytime

Lynette is picking up toys when Bree walks up.

Bree: "Hi."

Lynette: "Hey."

Bree: "I know that you're still angry with me, and, um, I wanted to tell you that I have, um, joined a recovery program. A.A. I just wanted you to know that and to tell you I'm sorry. You are a real friend and I value your honesty."

Lynette: "Oh, I don't wanna be mad anymore, and I'm so happy to hear all that and I am so proud of you."

Bree: "Oh, thanks, but I'm not really out of the woods yet. I still have this whole court case hanging over my head."

Lynette: "I heard about that. Andrew's asking to be emancipated?"

Bree: "Yes, and his lawyer is taking depositions now to see if I am a fit parent. And considering that mishap that I had with your kids, I, uh, I imagine he'll be anxious to talk to you."

Lynette: "It makes sense, I guess."

Bree: "Do you have any idea what you might say?"

Lynette: "I, um, I'll focus on your good qualities."

Bree: "I could not ask for anything more. Thanks. See you around, I hope."

Lynette: "All right. That's not why you came to apologize, is it?"

Bree: "What do you mean?"

Lynette: "To soften me up for the deposition."

Bree: "Of course not. Um, I just want you to understand something. Andrew is making accusations, false accusations saying that I abused him, all because I wouldn't let him have his trust fund early so he could buy a car. I mean, can you blame me for wanting to know if I have your support?"

Lynette: "And so, what? You want me to lie? Make you look good?"

Bree: "I actually don't want anything of the sort."

Lynette: "Good. Because when I give my deposition, I'm going to tell the truth."

Mike's Front Porch - Daytime

Felicia is waiting on the porch when Mike opens his front door.

Mike: "To what do I owe this pleasure?"

Felicia: "I want you to look at something."

Felicia leads Mike to the curb.

Felicia: "Myra Holt is talking to Paul Young. Chatting away with him as though he were any other neighbor. Now I told her he killed my sister. I mentioned it to her six months ago when we were standing in the express line at the market. But still, there she is, yakking away. Oh, Mike. I'm afraid people's memories aren't what they used to be."

Mike: "What do you want, Felicia?"

Felicia: "I wanna see how good your memory is. If you recall a certain promise you made to me."

Mike: "I am not gonna kill him."

Felicia: "Why not? Give me one good reason."

Mike: "Because things have changed."

Felicia: "How? My sister still lies rotting in the ground. So does Dierdre. No, I don't see how anything's changed at all."

Mike: "You're just gonna have to let this go."

Felicia: "Sounds to me as though someone's let go of his rage."

Mike: "Maybe I have."

Felicia: "Well, I haven't."

Mr. Beale's Office

Gabrielle and Carlos are talking to Mr. Beale.

Carlos: "That bitch of a stripper lied to us. The father's totally in the dark. He clearly wants to keep the baby."

Mr. Beale: "Mr. Solis, if the father wants to assert his rights here, there's nothing we can do. I'll find you another baby. I promise."

Carlos: "I don't want another baby. I want this one!"

Gabrielle: "Honey, he's right, okay. That trashy girl has been lying to us from the get-go. Let's just walk away while we can. It's not worth it."

Carlos: "Don't get cold feet now, Gaby, please. All right? Let's just pay Frank the way we paid Libby and then bring the baby home."

Mr. Beale: "Wait, wait, wait. You paid Libby?"

Gabrielle: "You said we could give her gifts. Everybody loves getting cash."

Mr. Beale: "I could probably be disbarred for even listening to this. I cannot condone baby-buying! And I sure as hell can't be part of it."

Carlos: "Oh, Mr. Beale, come on."

Mr. Beale: "No, no, hear me out. If you are determined to go down this dark road, and unbeknownst to me steal this paternal rights waiver that's sitting on my desk, and have this Frank guy sign both sides and date the top, I can't be part of that, either."

Carlos: "Mm."

Susan's Front Yard - Daytime

Julie come out the front door with her suitcase. Susan is walking with a cane.

Julie: "Okay, I, I'm gonna go to dad's."

Susan: "Oh, wait! Why don't you let me walk with you?"

Julie: "Uh, shouldn't you be resting?"

Susan: "No! I'm fine. The doctor said I should actually keep my blood flowing."

Julie: "Well, do you have to do it while we walk over to Edie's? I just, I don't wanna risk you running into dad."

Susan: "Okay..."

Julie: "You guys have just been so chummy lately, and this whole flirting thing is kind of freaking me out."

Susan: "Wait a second, we're, we're not flirting."

Julie: "Mom, you fed him eggs with your fork."

Susan: "Okay, yes, I am closer to your father than I have been in the past. The bitter hatred's now settled into a respectful disgust. That's the kind of thing most children of divorce dream about."

Edie's Front Yard

Edie is taking many shopping bags out if her trunk as Susan and Julie approach.

Susan: "Hey, Edie. What's all this stuff for?"

Edie: "Oh, hi! Don't tell anyone, but I'm planning a huge surprise for Karl."

Susan: "A surprise?"

Edie: "Yeah, I'm putting together an engagement party tomorrow afternoon."

Julie: "Oh, cool."

Edie: "But that's not the surprise. Actually, it's gonna be a surprise wedding."

Susan starts coughing.

Edie: "I know! My Pilates teacher got ordained over the internet. The, uh, Church of the Divine something or other, I'm not sure. Anyway it's all legal, and, well, just one more day before I make an honest man out of your daddy."

Julie looks at Susan and Susan just stares at Edie.

Edie: "Oh. You're so sweet. Thank you so much for your good wishes."

Susan: "Oh. No, Edie, wait. Um, no, it's just that, you know, I was married to Karl, and I used to try to surprise him, and he would always, always, always say 'No, Susan. Don't surprise me. I don't like it.'"

Edie: "Whatever. I'm doing it, so keep your trap shut. Now if you'll excuse me, I've gotta go and buy a wedding dress. Oh, and by the way, I'll be wearing white, so that'll be a surprise for everybody."

Lynette's Office

Mr. Bormanis enters.

Lynette: "I don't know why I have to get dragged into this. What happened with my kids has nothing to do with Bree's situation with Andrew. Sit."

Mr. Bormanis: "Well, it's my understanding that real harm could have come to your children as a direct result of your friend's behavior."

Lynette: "I'm sorry, Mr. Bormanis, but I'm not gonna testify. It just doesn't feel right to me."

Mr. Bormanis: "Well, this isn't the first time someone's felt the way you do. So this isn't the first time I've had to say that if you refuse to give a deposition of your own accord, I'll compel you to give one. But I'm sure I won't have to."

Mr. Bormanis hands Lynette a photograph of Andrew with bruises on his face.

Lynette: "You're saying Bree did this?"

Mr. Bormanis: "While under the influence. I understand your reluctance to turn on a friend, but this isn't about you. It's about Andrew. Don't you think he's suffered enough?"

Gabrielle's Living Room

Carlos is putting money into a leather bag.

Gabrielle: "How much are you gonna give him?"

Carlos: "I figured we could start with forty."

Gabrielle: "Thousand? He's a bouncer in a strip club. Offer him eight."

Carlos: "He's not going to sell his baby for eight thousand dollars."

Gabrielle: "Are we talking about the same idiot? I think for eight thousand dollars, he'd throw in a kidney."

Carlos: "I'm not gonna blow this by bargain hunting."

Gabrielle: "You know, that's your problem, Carlos. Remember when you bought your car? You paid sticker. Nobody pays sticker!"

Carlos: "Okay, and what's the sticker price on a child, huh? Tell me that."

Gabrielle: "I'm thinking twelve."

Temptation Strip Club

Gabrielle, Carlos, Frank and Libby are sitting around a table.

Libby: "Frank, you have to sign the paper. I made a deal with these people."

Frank: "A deal? This isn't a used car we're talking about. It's our baby."

Libby: "Before you screw this up, just remember that I can go to the cops and tell them about the pot farm you have going on in our basement."

Frank: "It's just a couple plants. Yeah, I don't do it for profits. Hobby, mostly."

Libby: "Oh, come on, Frank. You know you would be a lousy father."

Frank: "It's my kid! And I have a right to mess her up if I want. And if you go near the police, I'll tell 'em how you've been stealing all those tips from Sheila."

Gabrielle: "Okay, we're done."

Carlos: "Gaby, Gaby, no, just hold on. Now maybe there's a way that we can work this out together."

Gabrielle: "There is nothing to work out. If Frank is not on board with this, it's over."

Libby: "Wait! Uh, it doesn't matter what he wants."

Frank: "Why not?"

Libby: "Because it's not your baby."

Frank: "That's a lie."

Libby: "What if I took a paternity test? Will that shut you up?"

Gabrielle: "Wait, if it's not Frank's, then whose is it?"

Libby: "I'm not sure. All's I know is I got pregnant right after I worked at the Calgary rodeo and I was very popular there."

Frank: "So what are you saying, you screwed a bunch of cowboys?"

Libby: "You have your hobbies and I have mine."

Carlos chuckles.

Gabrielle: "You think this is funny?"

Carlos: "Oh, don't you get it? We just got our baby back."

Gabrielle goes back to the table and grabs the bag with the money.

Gabrielle: "Well, you take care now."

Carlos: "Yeah."

Alcoholics Anoymous Meeting Hall

Bree: "Hi. I got, uh, your message that you wanted to see me before the meeting started."

Peter: "Yeah, I did. Um, there's someone I'd like to introduce you to. Bree, this is Donna. Donna, this is Bree."

Donna: "What's up?"

Bree: "Hi."

Peter: "Donna is gonna be your new sponsor."

Bree: "I, um, I don't want a new sponsor. I'm, I'm very comfortable working with you."

Peter: "This was always just a temporary arrangement and given what happened the other night, I think it's best if we just end this now."

Bree: "Peter, all we did was kiss."

Peter: "We'd be kidding ourselves if we didn't think that whatever between us isn't going to affect our recovery."

Bree: "It's not a good time for change in my life, Peter. Terrible things are happening. I'm headed to court. I need your support now more than ever."

Peter: "You'll have support, Bree. It just won't be mine."

Bree: "But, Peter..."


Lynette's Office

The photo of Andrew's bruised face is on her desk.

Gabrielle: "Oh, Bree could never have done that!"

Lynette: "I'm just telling you what the lawyer said."

Gabrielle: "So you think Bree punched Andrew in the face? 'Cause I don't."

Lynette: "I don't either, but on the other hand, she spanked my kids, she lied about her drinking, and I once saw her bitch slap her mother-in-law. So I'm torn."

Gabrielle: "Well, I'm siding with Bree."

Lynette: "How can you be so sure? We have Andrew saying that it's systematic physical abuse. And then we have Bree saying it's Andrew wanting to be emancipated so he can get at his trust fund so he can buy a car. How are we supposed to know the real truth?"

Gabrielle: "Because I remember being seventeen. And I would've done a hell of a lot more than punch myself in the eye to get a car."

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Karl drives up and Susan flags him down.

Susan: "Karl! Karl, stop! Stop! Oh! It's an emergency."

Karl: "Just calm down. What's going on?"

Susan: "Edie is gonna marry you tomorrow."

Karl: "What?"

Susan: "She's planned this whole secret wedding. It's a surprise."

Karl: "God, I hate surprises!"

Susan: "I know. I told her that. I said, he always, always hates surprises."

Karl: "All right, don't get yourself all worked up here."

Karl leads Susan to her house. Julie sees this through Edie's window, shaking her head.

Bree's Living Room

Donna: "So the thing you gotta know about me is my style is proactive. I don't hold your hand if you go on a bender. I believe in behavior modification."

Bree: "Hmm. Some muffins?"

Donna: "Oh. Oh, that's okay. I, I'm not big on snacks. You should also know, I'm not a lesbian."

Bree: "Oh! Well, good for you."

Donna: "Well, see, if I was, the program wouldn't let me be your sponsor. Not great for your recovery if we get tangled up in a little something. So, um, whatever vibe you might be getting, that's all on you."

Bree: "Um, Donna. I, I really appreciate everything that you've been doing for me, but I think I was really making some progress with Peter as my sponsor. And I was thinking"

Donna: "All right, stop right there! You're fixating on Peter."

Bree: "Well, I just really feel like I'm jeopardizing my recovery by switching"

Donna: "You're making excuses. See, I have a ninety-nine percent success rate as a sponsor because I have zero percent tolerance for people who lie to themselves. Now come on."

Bree: "Come on? Where are we going?"

Donna: "Hiking. There's nothing like it to take your mind off booze."

Edie's Front Porch

Karl: "I got it! I'll just be the woman. I'll say I want a big wedding. You know, the church, the big ballroom, smashing cake in her face. It'll take months to plan."

Susan: "That's great."

Karl: "And of course, I'll have to tell her you're the one who ruined the surprise."

Susan: "You're gonna make me take the hit?"

Karl: "Yeah."

Edie comes out the front door.

Edie: "Hey, guys. Whatcha doing out here?"

Susan: "Uh, just talking."

Edie: "Oh, well, come on in. I've got something to show you."

Susan: "Oh, no, that's okay."

Edie: "Come on! You'll love this."

Edie goes back inside and Karl and Susan follow a few steps behind.

Susan: "Wait until I leave to tell her, 'cause she's gonna kill me."

They walk into Edie's living room. Dr. Ron is sitting there.

Susan: "Well, I should go."

She turns to leave and Karl stops her.

Edie: "I'm not gonna scream or cry or pound your faces in with a mallet, which, Lord knows, is my right. But what I will say is that you two are the most reprehensible excuses for human beings that I have ever met!" (to Dr. Ron) "Do you have anything to add?"

Dr. Ron picks up a vase, empties it and hands the vase to Edie.

Edie: "Right. What the hell!"

Edie throws the vase and Karl and Susan duck. The vase crashes against the stairs. Karl grabs Susan's arm and pulls her out of the house.

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Andrew is shooting baskets in his driveway. Lynette drives up in a brand new SUV. Andrew goes over to Lynette's driveway.

Andrew: "Hey, Mrs. Scavo. That's a sweet ride."

Lynette: "Yeah, you think so? Why don't you come over here for a second? I'd like to pick your brain. You're the demographic that my client is interested in so you'd actually be doing me a favor if you drove it around for a couple hours and told me what you thought. Do you mind?"

Andrew: "Are you kidding me?"

Lynette: "I can't believe you are old enough to drive. I still remember when you were ten years old. I paid you a dollar to rake our leaves."

Andrew: "Yeah. Yeah, you were pretty cheap. Is this set up for mp3?"

Lynette: "Uh, all the bells and whistles. But listen, I really wanted to tell you how sorry I am."

Andrew: "Hmm?"

Lynette: "Your lawyer came to see me. I'm going to be deposed. It's going to be hard for me..."

She gestures at the Van de Kamp house.

Andrew: "Yeah. Yeah, I know. You just have to remember she's a different person when she drinks."

Lynette: "She must be. It's hard for me to imagine the Bree I know capable of hurting you."

Andrew: "Yeah. Do you have the keys?"

Lynette: "Oh. Sure. Anyway, I just I feel so guilty that this all went on in your house, right under our nose. So if there is anything I can do to help you..."

Andrew: "Well, can you get a discount on these?"

Lynette: "Um, actually, yeah. One of the perks. Even so, it's a little out of the price range of a high school student."

Andrew: "Well, if you tell my lawyer the truth, I don't think money's gonna be a problem."

Susan's House

Edie and Karl are at the front door.

Susan: "Hi. What's going on?"

Edie walks in, past Susan, without saying a word.

Karl: "Edie wants to discuss our little deception."

Susan: "Exactly how ugly is this gonna get?"

Edie ( from the other room ): "How long does it take to shut a door?"

Susan's Living Room

Susan and Karl sit next to each other on the couch while Edie paces in front of them.

Edie: "I can forgive your trickery. I can forgive the humiliation. But what I can't forgive is the complete and utter lack of faith in me! I mean, having Susan get married for insurance was my idea! Okay, so if I'd known that everything had gotten all screwed up, of course I would've agreed."

Karl: "Look, Edie, in retrospect, yes, we didn't think. We didn't handle this the way mature adults should have."

Susan: "He's right. We behaved like children. Naughty, stupid children."

Edie: "Well, that makes me feel better that you could admit that, because when naughty children misbehave, they know that they're gonna get punished. Don't they?"

Karl: "Punished?"

Susan: "At this point, I'd like to point out that, uh, it was Karl who proposed."

Edie: "Karl. You are gonna throw me an elaborate wedding."

Karl: "Yes, of course, anything, baby. How elaborate?"

Edie: "Well, figure out exactly what it is that you could afford, and triple it." (to Susan) "As for you"

Susan: "Okay, now remember, I'm broke."

Edie: "I'm well aware of your church mouse status. I don't intend to lift a finger during the planning and execution of this crushingly expensive wedding."

Susan: "No. No, of course not. And anything I can do to help, uh, you know, I would, I could help with the engagement party. How's that?"

Edie: "Well, I wasn't planning on inviting you. But, I will need a bartender. Oh, oh, and, um, make sure you come in through the back door."

Conference Room

Mr. Bormanis, Andrew, Lynette, and a stenographer are sitting when Bree walks in.

Mr. Bormanis: "You're just in time. Mrs. Scavo has been sworn in so we're all ready to start."

Lynette: "Hey."

Mr. Bormanis: "All right, we are now on the record."

Lynette: "Okay."

Mr. Bormanis: "Isn't it true that while your children were in Bree's care that she passed out drunk and allowed them to wander off to a downtown business district?"

Lynette: "My kids don't wander. They scurry, like rats."

Mr. Bormanis: "Excuse me?"

Lynette: "Do you know a rat can fit through a hole the size of a quarter? Anyway, my children have that trick down, too."

Mr. Bormanis: "Mrs. Scavo, are you saying that you don't hold Mrs. Van de Kamp responsible for endangering your children?"

Lynette: "No, I don't hold her responsible. Bree Van de Kamp and I have known each other a long time. I trust her completely. She's a wonderful friend and a fantastic mother. She puts the rest of us to shame."

Andrew: "She's lying! Are you gonna let her get away with this crap?"

Mr. Bormanis: "Please. Do you consider Mrs. Van de Kamp to have a drinking problem?"

Lynette: "No."

Mr. Bormanis: "Then why did you line empty wine bottles up on her front stoop?"

Lynette: "I was helping Bree with her recycling."

Mr. Bormanis: "Do I need to remind you of the potential consequences of perjury?"

Lynette: "No, you don't. In fact, I hate liars."

She looks at Andrew.

Outside Peter's House - Daytime

Peter is getting out of his car when his cell phone rings.

Peter: "Hello?"

Bree's Kitchen

Bree: "Peter. Hi, it's Bree."

Peter: "Hey, Bree. You know, um, if you feel like you're gonna need a drink, you should call Donna."

Bree: "No! No, I, I don't feel like I'm gonna drink. And if I did, I certainly would call Donna. I mean, she and I are just, we're just really clicking."

Peter: "Oh, that's good. So why are you calling?"

Bree: "I know it's really late notice, but a friend of mine, uh, got engaged and she's throwing a party, and I thought, um, maybe you'd like to come."

Peter: "Bree..."

Bree: "Well, you're not my sponsor anymore, so I assume this is allowable. I mean, it's just a casual get-together. And they're having sushi. You do like sushi, don't you?"

Peter: "Bree..."

Bree: "Okay, Peter, I just really need us to be friends. When I'm with you, I'm not myself, which is a good thing. I can, I can relax when I'm with you in a way that I can't when I'm with other people. With them, I have to pretend that I have it all together but, you know that I don't, so it's just so much easier. Come on, it's just a, it's just a dumb old party."

Peter: "Bree, do not call me again."

Edie's House

Paul walks in with a gift.

Edie: "Paul! I am so glad you made it."

Paul: "I appreciate the invitation, Edie. Although, frankly, I'm a little surprised to get it, considering how people in this neighborhood feel about me."

Edie: "Oh. You know me. I like to be inclusive. Ooh! It's heavy."

Susan walks by carrying a tray for discarded drinks. Edie puts her drink on the tray.

Edie: "Uh, unh-unh. This is flat. I think I'd like, um, a Rusty Nail."

Susan: "A what now?"

Edie: "It's a cocktail. Well, I'm not really sure what's in it. But it sounds obscure and complicated, so chop-chop."

Carlos, Lynette, and Gabrielle are having a drinks.

Carlos (on his cell phone): "Be right there. Hey, hey. Put that down. We gotta go. Our birth mother just went into labor."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Lynette: "That's fantastic!"

Carlos: "Yeah, can you believe it? We're gonna be parents. I'll go get the car. Come on."

Carlos leaves.

Gabrielle: "We were supposed to have four weeks. She promised me the baby wasn't due for four more weeks. We don't have anything! We don't, we don't have diapers, and we don't have the stuff babies drink."

Lynette: "Formula."

Gabrielle: "Exactly. We're not ready! You know, this is a total inconvenience."

Lynette: "Welcome to parenthood. Come on."

Susan, behind a bar, hands Julie a book.

Susan: "This is your father's bartender bible. See if you can find a recipe for a Rusty Nail. "

Julie: "Okay. Um, mom?"

Julie hands Susan an old picture of her and Karl that she pulled out of the book.

Susan: "Where'd you find that?"

Julie: "It was stuck in here between a Pink Squirrel and a Pisco Sour."

Susan: "Oh. Well, why is your father keeping this?"

Julie: "Why do you think?"

Edie's Bedroom

Karl is packing. Susan walks in and closes the door.

Karl: "Hey, Susie."

Susan: "Karl, this marriage, our marriage, this fake marriage, that's what it is, right? Fake."

Karl: "What are you talking about?"

Susan holds up the picture.

Susan: "What's this?"

Karl: "Nothing."

Susan: "Yeah? Okay, then, repeat after me. Our marriage is fake, and I'm going to marry the woman I really love, Edie Britt.'"

Karl: "If that's what you want me to say."

Susan: "No, no no, no! It's not about what I want you to say. You have to want to say that you want to marry Edie."

Karl: "Don't worry about this, Susie."

Karl takes the picture and puts it into his pocket.

Susan: "Why are you hanging on to that?"

Karl: "I need to look at it from time to time."

Susan: "Why?"

Karl: "Consider it my punishment for screwing up the best thing that ever happened to me."

Susan: "Oh. Oh, no, no, no. This is not happening."

Karl grabs Susan and kisses her. They fall on the bed.

Susan: "Oh, Karl! Oh! Will you, are you crazy?!"

Karl: "Just tell me what to do, Susie. If you want me to marry Edie, I will. You want me to call off the wedding, I'll do it. I'll do whatever you want. I'm putty."

Edie: "Karl!"

Karl, upon hearing Edie calling him, flips Susan over the bed onto the floor, out of sight.

Susan: "Whoa!"

Edie: "What are you doing?"

Karl: "I'm, just, uh, putting away some coats."

Edie: "Oh. Well, it's time to open my presents. Let's go."

Susan peeks her head out from behind the bed and sighs.

Bar

Bree walks in and up to the bartender.

Bree: "Oh, hello."

Bartender: "Hi."

Bree: "Hi. Um, I need some advice from a professional. I'd like to get stinking drunk. Do you have anything that can accomplish that in a hurry?"

Hospital

Gabrielle and Carlos are running down the hallway in scrubs.

Gabrielle: "I forgot the Lamaze book in my purse!"

Carlos: "Oh, forget it. Come on. Let's go. We'll wing it."

They enter the delivery room. Libby is sitting up, and a nurse is holding a baby.

Gabrielle: "Oh, we missed it!"

Libby: "The kid just slipped right out."

Nurse: "Are you family?"

Libby: "They're the parents."

Carlos and Gabrielle smile.

Later, the nurse and Carlos are wrapping the baby in a pink blanket.

Nurse: "Would you like to help?"

Gabrielle: "No, thanks. You guys look like you got it covered."

Nurse: "Oh, are you sure, honey?"

Carlos: "Come on, Gaby."

Gabrielle: "I just, um, I, I don't wanna do anything to screw it up."

Nurse: "She won't break. Here."

Gabrielle: "Okay. Hi. Hi. Oh, honey, you were right."

Carlos: "About what?"

Gabrielle: "It was all worth it."

Edie's Living Room

Edie is opening her gifts.

Edie: "Serving bowls. Just what I needed, Lynette."

Lynette: "There's a gift receipt taped to the bottom of the box."

Edie: "Oh. thank god! Okay, the next one is from Felicia."

Felicia: "I do hope you like it."

Edie: "Oh, you know what they say...good things come in small packages."

Lynette: "What is it?"

Edie opens a small box and pulls out dentures.

Lynette: "Teeth?"

Felicia: "Dentures. They were my dear sister, Martha's. I'm sure none of you knew, but she had orthodontic issues from the time she was a child."

Edie: "Oh. thank you."

Felicia: "I know it's an unconventional gift for an engagement party, but you and Martha were such close friends, Edie. I wanted you to have something truly personal to remember her by since she left us so abruptly. You know, when Paul Young strangled her, crushed her windpipe, and buried her alive next to a garbage-strewn hiking trail."

Edie: "Felicia, uh, I think you've had enough."

Felicia: "I do apologize if I've offended anyone, but while you all are chit-chatting and eating these yummy hors d'oeuvres, just remember you're in the company of a murderer."

Paul Young puts down his drink and walks out of Edie's house. Felicia smiles.

Bar

Peter walks in, looking around. He sees Bree, passed out in a booth.

Peter: "Bree? Bree? Why didn't you call Donna?"

Bree: "I don't need Donna. I need you."

Peter picks Bree up and carries her out.

Peter: "You know, I don't even like redheads."

Hospital

Gabrielle is holding the baby.

Carlos: "Okay, it's my turn."

Gabrielle: "Shh. In a minute."

Carlos: "Come on, you're hogging her."

Frank walks into the delivery room.

Frank: "Tell me! You tell me who it is, Libby."

Libby: "Are you drunk?"

Frank: "Who is he, Libby? Hmm? I got to know."

Libby: "I already told you, he's just some rodeo guy. I don't even remember his name."

Frank: "Liar!"

Frank pours the liquor he is drinking on his arm and holds up a lighter.

Libby: "What are you doing?"

Frank: "I am gonna light myself on fire."

Gabrielle: "He's gonna light himself on fire with coffee liqueur?"

Carlos: "Would not have been my choice."

Frank: "Tell me his name, or I'm gonna do it!"

Libby: "Frank, you're being an idiot."

Frank: "Aah! Aah!"

Libby: "It was Dale, okay? It was Dale."

Frank: "My brother Dale? He's a kid!"

Libby: "Well, he's nineteen, Frank. He knows which end is up."

Gabrielle: "Wait, what is she saying?"

Carlos: "There's a father."

Security guards run and try to grab Frank who tries to run away.

Guard: "Hey! Hey!"

The guard and an guy in scrubs grab Frank. Gabrielle starts to walk out holding the baby.

Gabrielle: "No. I'm not giving up the baby."

Security: "Let's get him out of here."

Frank: "No! No!"

Carlos chases Gabrielle.

Carlos: "What the hell are you doing?"

Gabrielle: "Taking our baby home."

Carlos: "She's not ours. The papers aren't valid anymore. She has a father."

Gabrielle: "Do you really wanna leave this beautiful little girl with that white trash freak show? Huh? Well, come on, then."

Outside the Hospital - Nighttime

Carlos and Gabrielle run out holding the baby and two police officers run by them.

Officer #1: "Where?"

Officer #2: "Maternity. Maternity."

Officer #1: "All right."

Gabrielle's Car

Carlos rips open a box with a car seat.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, Hurry up!"

Carlos: "I'm hurrying. Man, there's a lot of straps on this thing! How does this thing go in?"

Gabrielle: "Read the instructions!"

Carlos: "Pass strap 'a' through strap 'b,' making sure that the harness clip is at the chest level. Well, which damn one is the harness clip?"

Gabrielle: "That is after the baby is in. You have to connect it to the car first! I told you we should've got an S.U.V.!"

Carlos: "Okay, stop yelling! This is very complicated."

Gabrielle: "Oh, for god's sakes. Just take the baby."

Gabrielle snaps the seat belts, locking in the car seat.

Carlos: "Wow."

Gabrielle: "Here. We're good to go. Give me the baby."

Carlos: "You know this isn't gonna end well. You know, they're just gonna try and take her back."

Gabrielle: "Maybe. But we don't have to make it easy for them."

Carlos: "Gaby, I"

Gabrielle: "Look, just buckle up!"

They drive away.

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

"Temptation comes to all of us. Whether or not we succumb depends on our ability to recognize its disguise."

Susan's Living Room

Susan is sitting in front of the lit fireplace. She touches her lips.

"Sometimes it arrives in the form of an old flame, flickering back to life."

Bree's Dining Room

Peter is feeding Bree coffee.

"Or a new friend who could end up being so much more."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is holding the baby, looking at it lovingly, as Carlos looks out the window.

"Or a young child who awakens feelings we didn't know we had. And so we give in to temptation, all the while knowing come morning, we'll have to suffer the consequences."

"Of course, Mrs. Pate also knew that when it came to unruly children, some parents had more reason to be ashamed than others."

Lynette: "So, um, your message said that Parker had been involved in some sort of serious incident. What, what kind of incident?"

Louisa: "Yesterday afternoon, Parker offered a cookie to Cindy Lou Peeples if she would show him her v*g1n*."

Lynette: "What kind of cookie?"

Louisa: "What does that matter?"

Lynette: "Oh, it doesn't. I'm just stalling because I am completely mortified."

Louisa: "The kids were in a broom closet. Our janitor walked in on them just as Cindy was lifting up her pinafore."

Lynette: "Oh my goodness."

Louisa: "I'm sure you've noticed how obsessive Parker can be. A certain subject will catch his interest and that's all he'll talk about for weeks and weeks."

Lynette: "Oh right. That happened with dinosaurs."

Louisa: "Oh yes, we all remember his dinosaur phase. More fondly now than ever."

Lynette: "So you think that now he's obsessed with..."

Louisa: "What's underneath the pinafore. Yes. Look, I think he's just developed a normal curiosity about the human body. You need to talk to him. Remind him what's appropriate and what isn't."

Lynette: "Of course, I will talk to him. I'll talk to him till I'm blue in the face. I promise. Take care."

Lynette gets up to leave. Louisa also stands.

"Yes, Louisa Pate believed in the power of shame. She also believed when someone has that power..."

Cut to Louisa sitting at her desk talking to Mrs. Peeples.

Louisa: "So, Mrs. Peeples. You'll never guess what your daughter is willing to do for a ginger snap."

"...it's a shame not to use it."

Opening Credits

Fairview County Courthouse Hallway

Andrew is sitting on a bench outside the courtroom staring at his mother.

"It had been six weeks since Andrew Van de Kamp had declared war on his mother, Bree. The final battle was about to be waged at the Fairview County Courthouse. Bree knew it was about to get bloody."

Bree holds out her hand. Peter, standing next to her, takes it.

"What she didn't know was..."

Red high heels are coming down the hallway towards Bree.

"...the calvary was on its way..."

Eleanor: "Bree!"

"...whether she wanted them there or not."

Bree: "Eleanor!"

Eleanor: "Oh thank god I found you. This place is a maze."

Bree: "What are you doing here?"

Eleanor: "Well, your father and I got a call last night from Danielle and she said that Andrew was taking you to court! I mean to say that we were shocked would be an understatement."

She sees Peter and holds out her hand.

Eleanor: "Hello, I'm Eleanor Mason, Bree's stepmother. You're the lawyer? We should talk."

Peter: "Ah, no, I'm not her lawyer."

Eleanor: "Good. The hair had me worried."

Andrew: "Peter is Mom's sponsor from A.A."

Eleanor: "Oh, sweetie. Since when are you in A.A.?"

Bree: "Recent development. Where's Dad?"

Eleanor: "In chambers, with the Judge."

Bree: "What? Why?"

Bree's father, Henry, come out of the Judge's chambers.

Henry: "Everything is fine. The judge agreed to a postponement."

Eleanor: "Oh thank god."

Henry: "Luckily, he remembered me. I spoke once at his law school."

Karl walks up.

Karl: "Pardon me, sir. I'm your daughter's lawyer. Just so you know, we've been waiting for hearing for weeks."

Henry: "Son, I've been an attorney for forty-five years. You and I both know how these cases can turn into public spectacles. Our family is perfectly capable of handling this in house."

Bree: "Dad. You don't understand. This has gotten really ugly."

Henry: "That's why we're here. We're gonna put this family back together."

Eleanor: "Whatever it takes."

Courtroom 103

Mr. Beale is facing the Judge. Gabrielle, holding the baby and Carlos are sitting behind Mr. Beale's table.

Mr. Beale: "And that's when Mr. and Mrs. Solis, fearing for the welfare of this helpless child, fled the hospital."

Judge Grimshaw: "You mean they kidnapped her?"

Mr. Beale: "Well, technically that's true, but given the situation that led up to the rescue..."

Judge Grimshaw: "Kidnapping."

Mr. Beale: "Your honor. Yes. In retrospect, the plan was a little bit rash, not entirely well thought out."

Judge Grimshaw: "Idiotic."

Gabrielle ( whispering to Carlos ): "Can we object to that?"

Carlos: "Shh!"

Mr. Beale: "But the child is safe, your honor. And all we ask the court is to allow baby Lily a lifetime of the care and love she has been receiving from the Solis'."

Judge Grimshaw: "As much as your story tugs at my heart, there is the issue of parental rights. What does the state have to say about this?"

State Attorney: "We have located the biological father, Mr. Dale Helm. Unfortunately, uh, circumstances require that he be out of town. He's in Fort Lauderdale today."

Judge Grimshaw: "On business?"

State Attorney: "Spring break actually. Mr. Helm is a high school student."

Judge Grimshaw: "Charming. In between keg stands, did the father happen to mention if he plans to waive parental rights?"

State Attorney: "I've left a number of voice mails, but the only response I've gotten is a text message that says" (she reads from her cell phone) "this blows his mind and he's extremely bummed out."

Judge Grimshaw: "All right. Mr. and Mrs. Solis. Since you actually want Lily, it's seems you're the lesser of two evils. I'm granting you temporary custody until we can get a straight answer from the birth father."

Carlos: "Thank you, Your Honor."

Judge Grimshaw: "In the meantime, try not to steal any more babies."

Gabrielle: "Oh, we just needed the one."

Lynette's House

Parker is sitting at the coffee table, coloring.

Lynette: "Sweetie. Um, could you put the crayons down for a csecond? We need to talk. So I spoke to your teacher today and she told me about the cookie deal you made with Cindy Lou."

Parker: "Oh. Are you mad?"

Lynette: "No, no exactly. I'm just trying to understand why you did that."

Parker: "Tommy Keenan told me babies come from down there. It doesn't sound right to me."

Lynette: "Well, actually he's kinda right. He's got the concept down."

Parker: "That's weird. How's a baby get in there?"

Lynette: "Daddy will be home from his business trip in a few days. Why don't you wait for him?"

Parker: "Okay."

Lynette: "Okay."

Parker: "Or I can ask Tommy's brother. He's fourteen. He knows everything."

Later, Lynette draws pictures for Parker.

Lynette: "And then the mommy and daddy, because they love each other so much, they hug real tight and a seed is magically planted. And nine months later, a baby is born."

Parker: "What kind of seed?"

Lynette: "Oh, that's not important."

Parker: "I don't believe you."

Lynette: "Parker, I'm your mother. Mother's don't lie to their sons. Now go wash your hands or Santa's not gonna bring you anything for Christmas."

Parker rushes away.

Edie's House

Susan is knocking hard. Karl, in a towel, opens the door.

Susan: "I just saw Edie drive off. How long is she going to be gone?"

Karl: "I don't know, she just went to show a house."

Susan: "Move."

Susan pushes her way inside.

Karl: "What's the problem?"

Susan: "You mauled me in Edie's bed last night. I think that deserves a conversation."

Karl: "What's there to talk about? I'm just a fool in love."

Susan: "Oh no, you don't mean that."

Karl: "Yes, I do. Look I realize my timing's a little off."

Susan: "A little? The helium hasn't even gone out of the balloons from your engagement party. Okay, when are you gonna tell Edie?"

Karl: "Tell her what?"

Susan: "That the wedding's off."

Karl: "Is it?"

Susan: "Well, isn't it?"

Karl: "It's up to you."

Susan: "Are you, are you saying that you're gonna go through with this wedding unless I tell you not to?"

Karl: "Just give me a commitment, Susie Q and I'll put a bullet in Edie."

Susan: "This is insane!"

Karl: "Come on. All this could be yours again. Just say the word."

He begins to loosen the towel from around his waist.

Karl: "And I let go."

Susan: "Oh no, no, don't you dare!"

Karl: "You know you want me to. Just say it, Susie Q."

Susan: "You're sick!"

Susan leaves as Karl chuckles.

Paul's House

Paul comes out the front door.

Paul: "Zach, I'm going to the drug store. I'll be back in twenty minutes."

Paul walks out, slips on the porch, and falls on his back. He sits up slowly, holding his head. He looks down and finds his hand is in some slippery substance.

Felicia, from next door, yells across the lawn to Paul while holding a bowl with cookie dough.

Felicia: "Paul? I was making cookies and I heard the most sickening thud. Are you okay?"

Paul: "There's shortening on my doorstep."

Felicia: "Shortening? That's the last thing you'd want on your front porch. It's meant for baking."

She walks away, smiling.

Gabrielle's House

Susan, Bree, Lynette, and Gabrielle are standing over baby Lily's bassinet in the living room. Carlos is sitting at the table eating lunch.

Bree: "She's so adorable and I just love the name Lily."

Gabrielle: "It was my grandmother's name."

Susan: "So how you holding up? You must be exhausted."

Gabrielle: "You know, I'm a little tired, but it's not too bad."

Lynette: "Oh wait a couple months, she'll start sleeping through the night."

Gabrielle: "No, honey, please, do I look like a masochist? First thing tomorrow, I'm hiring a nanny and a night nurse."

Carlos: "No, we're not."

Gabrielle: "My husband the comedian."

Carlos: "I'm serious. I don't want some stranger raising our baby."

Susan: "Well, you guys are busy, we should go."

Gabrielle: "No, it's okay. I'll win this battle later."

Carlos: "We are not going to be some yuppie couple pawning off our kid on other people. End of discussion."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, you should go."

Bree: "Okay, bye."

Lynette: "Good luck."

The ladies leave.

Gabrielle: "Put down the burrito. What is all this crap about me not getting help?"

Carlos: "Look, a brand new baby needs to bond with its mother. The church knows it, science knows it, nature knows it."

Gabrielle: "We have the money, what is wrong with getting a little help? Then I'll be able to relax once in a while and I'll be able to be a better mother."

Carlos: "You wanna be a better mother? Do what my mama did, make sacrifices. My mama worked her fingers to the bone for me."

Gabrielle: "That's what put her in an early grave. Well, that and the hit and run thing."

Bree's House

Bree, Henry, Eleanor, and Andrew are sitting around the dining room table.

Henry (to Andrew): "Look, I don't know why you want to be emancipated." (to Bree) "And I don't know what you've been doing to drive him crazy. Bottom line, it's over. It's now time for you two to kiss and make up."

Andrew: "And just how are we supposed to do that?"

Henry: "Here's a thought. Just look each other in the eye and say, "I forgive you.""

Bree: "That's your solution?"

Henry: "It's actually a technique invented by this Dutch therapist. I saw him on TV. He says if you verbalize forgiveness, the brain can trick the heart into letting go of resentment."

Eleanor: "It really works. I did it with our cleaning lady."

Bree: "Um, I'm sorry, Dad, but I think my relationship with Andrew is just a bit more complicated than..."

Henry: "Would it kill you to at least try?"

Andrew: "I'll do it for you, Grandpa."

Henry: "That's my boy. Bree?"

Bree: "Fine. Yes, um, so, um, who goes first?"

Henry: "Either, or. It doesn't matter."

Andrew: "Mom, I forgive you."

Bree: "Andrew, I forgive you."

Henry: "That wasn't so hard, was it? Now, don't expect to feel differently right away. It takes a while."

Eleanor: "It took me a week to forgive Esperanza."

Henry: "Now she's like family again."

Eleanor: "Family who stole from us."

Henry: "So let's get back to the way we were and forget all this nonsense about emancipation."

Andrew: "Um, well, Grandpa, I'm, I'm still gonna need my trust fund. You see, I can't live in a place where I don't feel safe."

Henry: "What are you talking about?"

Andrew: "Well, could you live with a woman who hits you?"

Eleanor: "Bree!"

Bree: "I slapped him once and he deserved it."

Andrew: "I just asked her to stop drinking."

Henry: "You were drinking?"

Eleanor: "She's in A.A. Her sponsor has long hair."

Bree: "Andrew, I find your concern ironic given how tanked you were when you ran over our neighbor's mother with your car!"

Eleanor: "Is she okay?"

Bree: "She's dead!"

Andrew: "Well, mom watched as her boyfriend committed suicide. And he was the same guy who killed dad!"

Bree: "Andrew falsely accused me of molestation. In a mall!"

Henry and Eleanor look stunned.

Henry: "You know, the technique works best if you don't talk right away."

Susan's House

Susan comes down the stairs into the kitchen, where Julie is reading the card from a vase of roses on the table.

Susan: "Okay, let's go. I don't want to be late for the movie. Oh those are pretty. Who sent those?"

Julie looks disgusted.

Susan: "What?"

Julie (reading the card): "'Say the word and I'm yours, Love Karl.' Mom, I knew this would happen when you started hanging around together. All of your old feelings resurfacing."

Susan: "No, his feelings. He's the one with the feelings, not me."

Julie: "Uh huh."

Susan: "Okay, Don't you uh huh' me. You're not old enough to do that."

Julie: "Oh no? Well how do you like this? I'm not going to the movie with you."

Susan: "You're going to make me go by myself?"

Julie: "Well, you could always ask Dad to go. In fact, if you love him so much, why don't you marry him? Oh wait! You already did. Twice!"

Movie Theater

Susan is sitting by herself eating popcorn. She turns to her side to turn off her cell phone and sees Mike come in with a pretty lady. She ducks as Mike and the lady come down the aisle. They sit down a few rows in front of Susan.

Young Lady: "You know, I think we're going to need some napkins with this."

Mike: "Oh, okay, I'll go back."

Young Lady: "Thanks."

As Mike gets up, Susan scoots over a few seats next to a nice looking man sitting alone.

Susan: "My ex-boyfriend's here. If he sees me alone, I'll die, I'm begging you, please, act like you know me."

Mike: "Susan? Hey."

Susan: "Mike, hi! What a surprise."

Mike: "How are you?"

Susan: "Good. Oh, god, I'm being so rude, um, Mike I want you to meet..."

Orson: "Orson Hodge. Nice to meet you Mike. Wow, can't believe I'm finally seeing the man himself, in the flesh."

Mike: "So, how'd you two meet?"

Orson: "Oh, I've been her dentist for years. Last week, I was looking in her mouth and decided to stick my tongue in it."

Susan laughs.

Mike: "I'll see you, Susan."

Mike walks away.

Susan: "Thank you so much for helping me out."

Orson: "Hey, I'm great in a crisis."

Susan: "Well, I definitely picked the right person to sit next to. Actually, is this seat taken?"

Orson: "No."

Susan: "Okay. You can share my popcorn."

A young lady with popcorn sits down next to Orson.

Orson: "Um, Susan, this is Becky. I'll probably be sharing her popcorn."

Susan: "I'll just wait till the lights go out, and then I'll go."

Outside Paul's House - Daytime

Paul is squirting starter fluid into the barbeque.

Paul: "While I get this going, can you bring out the buns?"

Paul lights the grill. A large flame shoots out almost hitting him.

Paul: "What the hell?"

Zack: "You all right?"

Paul smells the can.

Paul: "This isn't lighter fluid. It's gasoline."

Zack: "What? How'd that get in there?"

Paul: "How do you think?"

They look next door where Felicia is raking her leaves.

Felicia: "Something smells good over there."

Zack: "Well,I don't understand. Is she trying to kill you?"

Paul: "No, she's trying to piss me off."

Zack: "Why?"

Paul: "I'm not sure yet, but I do know I'm not gonna play along." (To Felicia) "We've got plenty of burgers if you want to pop over. And bring your appetite."

Felicia smiles, then continues raking.


Gabrielle's House - Nighttime

Carlos and Gabrielle are sleeping. The baby begins crying.

Carlos: "Gaby, the baby."

Gabrielle: "No, I got up twice already, it's your turn."

Carlos: "Gaby, I have several job interviews tomorrow. I need my sleep."

Gabrielle: "What about my sleep?"

Carlos: "You sleep when the baby sleeps."

Gabrielle: "Every forty minutes? When am I supposed to have a life?"

Carlos: "What are you whining about? You know, Xiao-Mei does all the housework around here. All you have to do is take care of the baby."

Gabrielle: "Fine, fine, fine!"

Gabrielle goes into Xiao-Mei's room, carrying the crying baby, and wakes up Xiao-Mei.

Gabrielle: "Psst, Xiao-Mei. Psst. Wake up."

Xiao-Mei: "Mrs. Solis? Something wrong?"

Gabrielle: "The baby won't stop crying and I haven't slept for two days. Will you please take Lily for a while? "

Xiao-Mei: "Oh."

Gabrielle: "Oh, come on. I won't make you do windows tomorrow."

Xiao-Mei gets out of bed.

Xiao-Mei: "Okay. What do I do?"

Gabrielle: "Well, she's a baby. You hold her. You bounce her and, I don't know, maybe sing a little something."

Gabrielle lies down on Xiao-Mei's bed.

Gabrielle: "Ah! Oh and Xiao-Mei, Mr. Solis does not need to know about this, okay?"

Xiao-Mei: "Okay."

Gabrielle: "Okay."

Xiao-Mei begins singing to Lily.

Gabrielle: "Yeah, honey, can you take that downstairs? Thank you."

Bree's House - Nighttime

Bree comes downstairs to the living room to find Eleanor combing out her wig.

Bree: "Eleanor, I thought you'd gone to bed."

Eleanor: "Oh, no, not yet. I had to do my hair now. There's never enough time in the morning. Uh, sit. There's something I have to discuss with you. Your father and I have decided to take Andrew back to Rhode Island with us."

Bree: "Really? And whose idea was that?"

Eleanor: "Andrew's. But Henry and I feel it's the right thing to do."

Bree: "Absolutely not."

Eleanor: "If we leave him here, the two of you will wind up in court and I'm not going to allow that."

Bree: "Do you really think that I am enjoying airing my dirty laundry in public? This whole situation is mortifying. But I can't back down because he is my son and I need more time to get through to him."

Eleanor: "You never give up. I've always admired that about you. When you were a kid, you used to make these peanut butter cookies that were god-awful. But you kept baking them and you kept forcing everyone to eat them. You were so determined to get them right."

Bree: "My mother didn't think they were awful. When I made those same cookies for her, she loved them."

Eleanor: "Well, some people praise children even when they don't deserve it."

Bree: "Oh, but not you. With you, I had to work for every kind word I ever got."

Eleanor: "Well, you always resented me because of my high standards."

Bree: "No. I resented you because those were kick ass peanut butter cookies."

Eleanor: "We're taking Andrew."

Bree: "Eleanor, please..."

Eleanor: "He hates you, Bree. Your own son. You know, part of being an adult is admitting that you've failed, and then moving on with grace."

Bree: "Do you really think that I am a failure as a parent?"

Eleanor: "Well, I'd love to lie and say something supportive, but as you pointed out, that was more your mother's thing."

Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Xiao-Mei is fast asleep on the dining room table when Gabrielle walks in.

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei?"

Xiao-Mei: "So sorry. I just take a break."

Gabrielle: "Oh no, Xiao-Mei, that's okay. That's okay. I know you were up all night with the baby and I really appreciate it. You know, I'm very grateful for everything you've been doing for Lily. So to thank you, I bought you a gift certificate to my spa. And you can take a whole day off and just really pamper yourself."

Xiao-Mei: "Really?"

Gabrielle: "Mm-hmm."

Xiao-Mei: "Thank you! Oh, thank you!"

Gabrielle: "Oh, you're welcome. All right, Lily needs to be bathed and put to bed. I don't wanna miss my yoga class."

She walks over to the bassinet and picks up Lily.

Gabrielle: "Hi. Hi, pretty girl. Oh, yes, mommy has to go. Mommy has to go, so she can stay pretty and thin and you can be proud of her."

She hands the baby to Xiao-Mei.

Gabrielle: "Motherhood is such a blessing. I hope you get to experience it one day."

Gabrielle walks out.

Bree's House - Daytime

Bree hears yelling outside. She looks out the window.

Andrew: "Because it's not a big deal!"

Justin: "It's not a big deal?"

Andrew: "Okay! It's not that far away."

Justin: "Right. Oh, it's not that far away? Dude, it--whatever, okay? You didn't even care to tell me before?"

Andrew: "Bye."

Andrew drives away. Bree goes outside.

Bree: "Justin, what happened?"

Justin: "Andrew just told me he's moving in with his grandparents. They live so far away, I'm never gonna see him anymore."

Bree: "I'm so sorry. I know that you're good friends."

Justin: "We're more than friends, Mrs. Van de Kamp. I love him."

Bree: "Oh. Why?"

Justin: "Why?"

Bree: "Yes. I'd be curious to know just what it is you see in him."

Justin: "Well, when my parents first heard I was gay, they kicked me out. They said I had debased the entire family and that they couldn't love me anymore until I changed. But Andrew, he said that I should be ashamed of them, 'cause they were too stupid to know how great I was. That's the thing about Andrew. He doesn't take crap from anyone. How can you not love someone like that?"

Bree: "You know, it never ceases to amaze me how people can turn their backs on their own family. But it happens every day, doesn't it?"

Justin: "I guess."

Bree: "You know, Justin, if you would be willing to help, I'm pretty sure that I could find a way to keep Andrew from moving. What do you say?"

Lynette's House

Mrs. McCluskey is sitting on the couch, eating a fudgesicle and reading the newspaper.

Lynette: "I'm home."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Oh, hi."

Bree: "Hey, Mrs. McCluskey. So, how did everything go?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "Fine. Penny fussed a bit. I think her molars are coming in."

Bree: "Oh."

Mrs. McCluskey: "And the twins fought over the remote. There's nothing new there."

Bree: "No. "

Mrs. McCluskey: "Here's the big news. Parker offered me a fudgesicle if I would show him my v*g1n*."

Lynette looks at Mrs. McCluskey eating her fudgesicle.

Mrs. McCluskey: "Oh, good god, Lynette, relax. I didn't do it. I just got this out of the freezer a second ago."

Lynette: "Uh, yeah. Of course, no, sorry."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Apparently, Parker wanted to put a sunflower seed inside me and see if a baby would grow. Where do kids get this stuff?"

Lynette: "Oh, that was me. He was asking about the birds and the bees and I fudged a few of the details. Well, he's only seven years old. I don't think he needs to know everything yet. I don't wanna rob him of his innocence."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Well, now, that's where you're wrong. You get 'em when they're young. Give 'em all the gory details. And then when they're good and disgusted, you shame 'em."

Lynette: "Excuse me?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "You tell them s*x is dirty and wrong and he shouldn't talk about it and if he does, he's going straight to hell."

Lynette: "That is ridiculous."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Spoken like a true liberal idiot."

Lynette: "No, I'm not gonna shame my son."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Mm, I'm telling ya, it works. It keeps people in their place, it keeps parents from being humiliated, and it keeps me from having to spend the afternoon talking about my woo-woo."

Susan's House - Daytime

The doorbell rings. When Susan opens the door, Orson is at the front door with Susan's wallet.

Orson: "In your haste to duck out before the credits rolled, you..."

Susan: "Oh, my god! Oh, thank you so much."

Orson: "I stuck a card in there, just in case you ever wanted to purposely sit next to me at a movie."

Susan: "Orson, I'm flattered. Uh, really, you, you don't wanna date me. I-I mean, my love life is just so complicated right now. Well, no, I won't bore you with the details."

Later, Orson and Susan are having coffee at her kitchen table.

Orson: "So the ex-boyfriend has no idea you're secretly married to the ex-husband, who still loves you, but unless you give him a reason not to, is gonna marry the neighborhood slut?"

Susan: "Did I call Edie a slut? Well, that's overstating it. Edie's not a slut. She's just popular with indiscriminate men. Anyway, yes, those are the relevant players."

Orson: "Okay."

Susan: "Now I'm absolutely horrified that I'm about to say what I'm about to say, but there's nobody else I can talk to who won't judge me. And since you're a complete stranger, I'll probably never see you again unless I randomly run into you on the street, in which case, you'll ignore me 'cause you know how crazy I am. So here goes, I'm having feelings for Karl again. Does that make me a terrible person?"

Orson: "You want my unvarnished opinion?"

Susan: "Lay it on me."

Orson: "It doesn't make you a terrible person, but it does make you a, well, a sucker. This Karl's a coward. He wants you to be the heavy and take all the responsibility. If you're having feelings for a guy like that, I say run far, far away."

Susan: "He lives three houses down."

Orson: "Hmm. Well, good luck to you, then. But like I said, if you're interested in a tooth whitening, my card's still in your wallet."

Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Gabrielle is leaving the house.

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei? Xiao-Mei? I'm late to meet Mrs. Van de Kamp. I'll be back in a little while."

Restaurant

Gabrielle: "Bree, I'm so sorry I'm late."

Bree: "Oh, honey, it's all right. I mean, with the new baby at home, I'm surprised you made it at all."

Gabrielle: "Ooh, I'll have a drink. Anything with an umbrella."

Bree: "So tell me, how are you doing? I mean, your entire world must be turned upside down. You must be exhausted."

Gabrielle: "You know, it's been challenging but I, I soldier on. So what about you? You look so rested."

Bree: "I just got a massage at Misty Spring. Things have been a little tense at home and I needed an hour to relax."

Gabrielle: "Good for you. I love that spa."

Bree: "Um, oh, by the way, while I was there, I saw your, uh, your housekeeper."

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei? Oh, no, you must be mistaken. I just left her. She's at home, working."

Bree: "Are you sure? I was talking to her in the steam room for about twenty minutes."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Bree: "Yeah, apparently you gave her a gift certificate."

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Gabrielle's car comes screeching around the corner into her driveway. Gabrielle runs into her house and runs upstairs.

Gabrielle: "Lily? Lily, mommy's coming!"

She finds Lily sleeping in her bassinet. She picks her up.

Gabrielle: "Oh, thank god! Oh, honey, I'm so sorry. I'm never gonna leave you again. Oh! Yes. Yes."

Later, Carlos walks in the front door.

Carlos: "I'm home! My interview got canceled."

Carlos enters the bedroom to find Gabrielle doing yoga with Lily strapped to her chest.

Gabrielle: "Oh, that's my little girl. Your chakra lining up nice for mommy? That's my girl."

Carlos: "Hey, let me take her off your chest so you can do your yoga."

Gabrielle: "No! No, no, no. We're doing just fine. Aren't we, Lily?"

Carlos smiles and walks away. Gabrielle hugs Lily lovingly, smiling at her while she continues her yoga.

Banquet Room

A band is playing in an empty banquet room which has a 'Happy Bar Mitzvah, Neil' sign hanging from the ceiling. Karl is listening to the band and Susan rushes in.

Karl: "Bridezilla's got me auditioning wedding bands and I'm clueless about Edie's taste in music. What do you think of these guys?"

Susan: "That's why you brought me down here? Karl, you made it sound like it was an emergency."

Karl: "It is! I need to have somebody to dance with so I can see if these guys have the power to help me get my groove on."

He dances around Susan.

Susan: "Karl..."

Karl: "Oh, that's right. You like it laid-back and romantic, don't you?" (to the band) "Guys, can we play something mellow?"

Susan: "No, don't bother, 'cause I'm going."

The band begins playing/singing "You are so Beautiful."

Susan: "That was not a coincidence."

Karl: "This was playing the night we first kissed. It's our song. Remember?"

Susan: "I remember. I also remember that you are planning on marrying someone else."

Karl: "Not if you don' t want me to. Come on, Susie Q. I can see you still have feelings for me and I know I have never stopped loving you."

Susan: " Okay, you want the truth? I don't know how I feel about you, but I keep looking at you, trying to see if you've changed, if you've grown up. You know what I see? I see the same weak coward that walked out on me three years ago."

Karl: "Of course I've changed."

Susan: "I don't think so. So I think you should probably stay with Edie. And the band is good, you should hire 'em."

Susan walks out.

Paul's House - Daytime

Paul wakes up to the sound of machines outside his window. All of a sudden red and blue curtains fall over his window outside. Paul and Zach walk down the darkened stairs to see the coverings on all the windows. Paul goes out the front door to find his house being tented.

Paul: "What the hell? For god's sakes."

Worker #1: "What the hell are you doing in there?"

Paul: "This is my house. What are you doing?"

Worker: #2 "We're tenting for termites. We've got a work order."

Paul: "Signed by who?"

Felicia comes over from next door.

Felicia: "Paul, I've never been so embarrassed in my whole life. They're supposed to be tenting my house. I must've written the address down wrong. Muchachos, mi casa esta aqui."

Paul: "You've taken it too far this time. These little mind games are gonna stop right now!"

Felicia (whispering): "And if they don't, whatcha gonna do? Blow out your brains like your wife did?"

Paul grabs Felicia around the neck and begins to strangle her. Some of the workers grab Paul off of Felicia.

Worker #2: "Hey, hey!"

Worker #1: "Hey, you okay?"

Felicia: "Did you hear that? He assaulted me for an honest mistake. God knows what would've happened if you hadn't been here."

Neighbors are watching from the street.

Paul: "Let go!"

Zach: "Dad, dad, dad. Come on. Come on. Come on, okay?"

Lynette's House

Lynette: "I talked to Mrs. McCluskey and for god's sakes, Parker, you can't ask people things like that."

Parker: "Why?"

Lynette: "Because it's rude."

Parker: "I said please."

Lynette: "Well, that doesn't matter! You gotta quit talking to people about their bodies and about where, you know, babies come from."

Parker: "Why?"

Lynette: "Because it's not an appropriate subject."

Parker: "Why?"

Lynette: "Because it's not."

Parker: "Why?"

Lynette: "-Ugh! Because it's dirty and wrong and I'll wash your mouth out with soap! That's why."

Lynette looks at the expression on Parker's face.

"In that moment, Lynette saw a look on her son's face she had never seen before..."

Flashback

Parker runs in the front door smiling carrying a remote control dinosaur.

"And she thought of the look he had on his face when he had become obsessed with dinosaurs..."

Flashback

Parker, smiling, comes running in with a bat and glove.

"...obsessed with baseball..."

Flashback

Parker, smiling, comes running in with a model train.

"...and obsessed with trains."

Present Day

Parker walks in the front door smiling, carrying a puppy.

"And it occurred to Lynette she didn't need to shame her son. All he needed was a brand-new obsession."

Preston: "But I thought you said we couldn't have a puppy."

Lynette: "Well, it turns out we really needed one. You can go and play."

"And though she didn't know it at the time, it would be another three years before Parker Scavo would ever ask about s*x again."

Susan's House

Susan: "Karl. What's going on?"

Karl: "Uh, I'm on my way to a motel. I, I just wanted to let you know that the wedding is off."

Susan: "It is?"

Karl: "I told Edie I wasn't in love with her. At least, not in the way that she deserves."

Susan: "Wow. Why did you change your mind? I mean, I hope it wasn't because of me, because I told you"

Karl: "It wasn't for you."

Susan: "No?"

Karl: "You were right. I have been a coward. I was a coward three years ago when I walked out on the two most important people in my life. And I was being a coward with Edie. I mean, to even consider marrying her when I know what real passion and real love feels like. Anyway, I just thought I'd let you know."

Susan: "Karl, you look pretty beat up. Why don't you, why don't you come in and we'll crack open a bottle of wine. Come on."

Bree's House

Eleanor and Henry are packing boxes in the living room. Bree enters, carrying an open box, and places it in front of Henry.

Bree: "All right, here we go. This is the last of Andrew's things. Once we tape up these boxes, we can start loading the car."

Eleanor: "I'm proud of you, Bree. You're being awfully big about this."

Bree: "Well, I have to admit, I was a bit upset at first. But then it hit me. You're his grandparents. You should bond, get to know the real Andrew."

She turns and sees Henry holding a video from the box Bree put in front of him.

Bree: "Oh, dad, I, I forgot to warn you. These are some of Andrew's adult videos. I don't approve, but boys will be boys."

Eleanor: "Oh, Henry, stop looking at that filth."

Henry: "I don't get it. Where are the women?"

Eleanor: "What are you talking about?"

Henry: "This is all just a bunch of naked men."

Eleanor: "Sweet mother of god. What the hell are they doing?"

Henry: "I don't know and I don't even know what I'm looking at."

Eleanor: "Henry, this is pornography for homosexuals."

Bree: "Oh, shoot! I wish you hadn't gone through that. Now we have to have an unpleasant conversation and we were having such a nice time."

Henry: "Bree, is, is Andrew gay?"

Bree: "Oh, dad, Andrew hates labels. I'm sure it's just a phase."

Eleanor: "Excuse me, but he has a magazine titled Leather Daddies in Love.' That does not sound like a phase to me."

Bree: "Maybe not, but it's no longer my concern now that he'll be living with you."

Eleanor: "We have to have a serious talk."

Henry: "Let's don't freak out about this. The Dutch therapist says"

Eleanor: "Forget the Dutch therapist! In the kitchen! Now!"

Henry and Eleanor leave the room. Bree smiles.

Later, Bree is in the kitchen when Andrew walks in.

Andrew: "Hey, where's grandma and grandpa? I need to start loading up my stuff."

Bree: "Oh, they, uh, they already left."

Andrew: "Wait, they left? Without me?"

Bree: "Ah, yeah, they wrote you a letter. It seems they came across some personal items of yours that, um, upset them."

Andrew begins to read the letter.

Andrew: "They're taking away my trust fund? They can't do that!"

Bree: "Well, actually they can. I mean, it's their money to dispense with as they see fit. I know it doesn't seem fair, but"

Andrew: "No, it's really unfair. In fact, it sucks. What, what am I supposed to do now?"

Bree: "Well, now that you can't afford to become emancipated, I guess you're gonna have to stay here with me. Andrew, we can make this work. We just have to let go of our anger."

Andrew: "No."

Bree: "Oh, I, um, had a chance to have a nice chat with Justin the other day. He really seems very sweet. I've invited him over for dinner tonight. I hope you don't mind."

Susan's House - Daytime

Karl and Susan are in bed together.

Susan: "Now I wish I hadn't torched our wedding photos. Who would've thought after everything that's happened that we would've ended up back here again?"

Karl: "It's been one hell of a ride, huh?"

Susan: "Yeah."

Karl: "So, how do you feel now?"

Susan: "About us? I feel good. I feel happy."

Karl: "You're not having second thoughts?"

Susan: "I can't believe you actually want to talk about feelings. You really have changed."

Karl: "Hey, this is the new Karl, baby. He's not afraid to cry."

The phone rings. Susan answers.

Susan: "Hello? Oh, hi, Edie. Uh, yeah, he's here. Hold on." (covering the mouthpiece) "How does she know you're here?"

Karl: "I don't know." (into the phone) "Hi. Yeah, I just came by to help Julie with her civics homework. Uh-huh. Okay, I'll take care of it. What kind of juice do you want? Right. Bye, bye."

Susan: "Are you getting juice for her?"

Karl: "Yeah, just one carton."

Susan: "Okay, you ripped the woman's heart out. Why would she want juice from you?"

Karl: "Okay, now don't freak out, but this breakup is sort of a work in progress."

Susan: "She doesn't know?"

Susan grabs the comforter, covers herself and gets out of bed.

Karl: "Calm down. I can explain."

Susan: "So if Edie doesn't know, then that means that you just cheated on her with me! You made me the other woman!"

Karl: "Please don't be angry. I tried to break up with her, but because I wasn't sure you wanted me back, the words just wouldn't come out of my mouth. Now that I know that you want me and love me again, it's a done deal."

A few minutes later, Julie is sitting at the kitchen tablem eating. Clothes comes flying down the stairs.

Susan: "Get out of my house, you miserable son of a bitch!"

Karl: "Can't we talk about this?"

Susan: "No, just get out! Get out!"

Susan in a robe and Karl in his boxer shorts come downstairs.

Karl: "Susie, Susie!"

Susan: "Our marriage was garbage! Stupid, disgusting pile of garbage!"

Karl: "No, no, don't say that."

Susan: "And I regret everything that came of it!"

Karl: "Don't do this right now."

Susan: "Ugh!" (to Julie) "Except you, honey. You're my rock." (to Karl) "Ooh, out! Get out!"

Karl: "I promise you I'm gonna break up with Edie and make this right. I'll call you when it's done."

Susan: "Don't bother! I won't pick up."

Susan slams the door in Karl's face. Julie shakes her head. Karl stands on the porch.

"We've all done something in our lives we're ashamed of. Some of us have fallen for the wrong man."

Movie Theater

Mike and his young lady are watching the movie. Mike is staring off in deep concentration.

"Some have let go of the right woman."

Lynette's House

Parker is on the floor playing with the puppy.

"There are those who have humiliated their parents..."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle stands over the bassinet watching Lily sleep.

"...and those who have failed their children."

Bree's House

Bree comes out of the kitchen carrying a freshly baked pie to Justin and Andrew playing cards at the table.

"Yes, we've all made mistakes that diminish us and those we love."

Bree places the pie on the table and begins cutting it. She smiles as she watches Andrew and Justin having fun together.

"But there is redemption if we try to learn from those mistakes and grow."

Karl is kneeling at Edie's bedside his eyes closes and his hand folded in prayer. Edie is fast asleep in bed.

"Karl Mayer didn't pray often, but when he did, it was usually to ask for God's help in breaking up with a woman. And to spare him the nasty drama that usually accompanied such callous and unexpected departures."

Karl pulls a note from his coat and lays it on the pillow next to Edie.

Flashback - Woman's House

Karl, with a suitcase, is closing a bedroom door.

"Over the years Karl had dumped dozens of women."

A young lady rolls over in the bed and is shocked to find a note on the bed next to her.

"And not one of them had seen it coming."

Flashback - Woman's House

Karl, with his suitcase, is closing another bedroom door on another sleeping woman.

"Every retreat was always meticulously planned right down to the personalized stationary."

The young woman rolls over smiling and is shocked to find a note on the pillow next to her.

Flashback - Woman's House

Karl, with his suitcase, closes another bedroom door on a different sleeping woman.

"Hence, his record of successful getaways..."

The young woman rolls over smiling and is shocked to find a note on the pillow next to her.

"...from women who did not want to see him go."

Present Day - Edie's House

Karl, skulking around Edie's bedroom, with his suitcase, puts a note on the pillow next to Edie. He quietly rolls a large suitcase to the door.

"So when he decided to break up with Edie Britt, Karl prayed to God yet again to help him avoid all the unnecessary drama. Unfortunately for Karl..."

Karl opens the door quietly when the bedside alarm goes off to wake Edie up. Karl freezes as Edie wakes up slowly.

"...God was in the mood to be entertained."

Edie wakes up with her hand on the note and sees Karl frozen at the door with his suitcases. Karl rushes out the door.

Edie's Front Yard - Daytime

Karl runs out of the house with his suitcases. He throws them into his convertible and climbs in the car quickly. He turns the starter, but the car stalls. He keeps trying when Edie comes running out of the house, waving a note in the air.

Edie: "What the hell is this?"

Karl: "Edie, Baby, calm down."

Edie: "'Let's be honest with ourselves, Edie, we haven't been happy in a long time.' Who are you to tell me I haven't been happy, you miserable son of a bitch! I have been ecstatic!"

Karl: "Okay. I'm the one who hasn't been happy."

Edie: "Then why did you propose to me?"

Karl: "I don't know."

Edie: "I have told every woman in this town that we are getting married and all you have to say to me is, I don't know'?"

Karl: "What else to do you want me to say? I'm sorry."

Edie: "What's going on? Is there someone else? Oh my god!"

Edie drops the note and backs away. She turns around and sees a rake propped against the house. She walks toward the rake.

Karl: "Oh, crap."

Karl quickly climbs into his car while Edie walks quickly to get the rake. Karl quickly puts his seat belt on and tries to start the car. Edie grabs the rake. Karl continues to try to start the car as Edie walks over determinedly with the rake.

Karl: "Come on, come on!"

As Edie gets closer the car starts. Karl is relieved and smiles at Edie as he drives out of the driveway, only to be hit by a garbage truck. Karl sits in his smashed steaming car.

"As he sat there, Karl couldn't help but wonder why God had forsaken him."

Edie looks on and smiles. She tosses the rake to the ground and turns to go back into the house.

"It never occurred to him that God might be a woman."

Opening Credits

A.A. Meeting

Peter is standing in a circle holding hands with other members praying.

Peter: "God, grant me to serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference."

"The members of the Fairview Chapter of A.A. ended every meeting with a prayer. And while most were asking God for help in resisting temptation, Bree Van de Kamp was busy thinking thoughts that were downright sinful."

Bree stands next to Peter, holding his hand. While the others have their eyes closed in prayer, Bree is smiling at Peter.

Peter: "And until the next Amen,' keep coming back and the works, keep working. Amen."

Later, Bree is cleaning the refreshment table.

Bree: "I think you'd love the opera. The music and the voices, it's just all so passionate."

Peter: "Yeah, three hundred-pound soprano seducing balding tenors. That'd be hot!"

Bree: "Are you making fun of me? Huh?"

Bree playfully pokes Peter. Peter grabs her hands.

Peter: "Bree..."

Bree: "Yes."

Peter: "Maybe a little bit."

They are just about to kiss when a man walks into the meeting hall.

Claude: "What's going on here?"

Peter: "Claude!"

Claude: "We made plans, remember?"

Peter: "I'm sorry, I was just about to..."

Claude: "Yeah, I saw what you were just about to do."

Bree: I'm sorry Peter, but, ah, who is this?"

Peter: "This is Claude. He's my sponsor."

Bree: "Oh, your A.A. sponsor?"

Claude: "No, I'm his other sponsor."

Peter: "For my s*x addiction."

Bree: "Oh."

Claude: "Damn it, Peter, what did I tell you."

Peter: "Avoid lust triggers."

Claude: "And what is she?"

Peter: "Claude, don't do this, man."

Claude: "She is a lust trigger. A lust trigger!"

Bree: "Ah, excuse me. I don't know what that means but could you please stop saying it."

Claude: "Where's your chip? Give it to me."

Peter pulls a chip from his pocket and hands it to Claude.

Claude: "Do you remember how low you'd sunk when we met? This represents twelve months of hard work. Not giving in to your urges. Now if you want to blow all that on this woman, just tell me now so I can stop wasting my time working with you!"

Claude tosses the chip over his shoulder. Peter looks at Bree, then walks over and picks up the chip.

Peter: "I don't want to blow it."

Claude: "Good! Then tell the pretty lady goodbye, and that you can't socialize with her anymore. And do it quick, I'm hungry!"

Claude leaves the room.

Parcher and Murphy Advertising Agency

It is late at night. Lynette and Tom are carrying a sleeping Porter and Parker out of the day care room as Preston walks between them. Jerry comes running up.

Jerry: "Bad news. Ed wants us to push through tonight and finish the Edelstein Realty pitch."

Lynette: "But we're not presenting for another two weeks. Why don't we start tomorrow?"

Jerry: "But how would that help Ed avoid his marital problems?"

Lynette: "What?"

Tom: "Oh, he's right. I hear Ed fighting with Fran on the phone everyday through the office walls."

Lynette: "That would explain all our working hours."

Jerry: "Yeah, but you lucked out Scavo. Darlene talked him into cutting the people who have kids in day care loose."

Lynette: "Hey great! Let's go before he changes his mind."

Jerry: "But that doesn't include you, Miss Senior V.P. Ed wants you in the conference room now!"

Lynette: "You're kidding!"

Jerry: "You're his security blanket, Lynette. He stays, you stay."

Tom: "Jerry, can you help me get the kids down to the car?"

Jerry: "Yeah."

He takes a sleeping Parker from Lynette.

Lynette: "Thanks, Jer."

Lynette kisses Tom goodbye as Ed walks in.

Ed: "Lynette. Get those mount-ups together will you? Jerry, I didn't know you had a kid."

Lynette stares at Jerry. Jerry rubs Parker's back.

Jerry: "Yeah. Um, out of wedlock."

Ed: "Oh."

Jerry: "So, see you in the morning."

Jerry runs out holding Parker and Tom follows. Lynette watches, shocked into silence.

Gabrielle's House

Susan walks in.

Susan: "I'm sorry I'm late."

Susan walks into the room and seeing Bree, Lynette and Gabrielle consoling a crying Edie.

Susan: "What's going on?"

Lynette: "Karl broke up with Edie."

Susan: "Oh my god!"

Bree: "Yeah, apparently he was seeing someone."

Susan: "Really? Did he say who is was?"

Edie: "I know who she is. She's a man-eating, scum-sucking ho bag!"

Bree: "No, he did not say."

Edie: "You know when Karl dumped you I thought that it was all your fault. Yeah, I figured that you were a nag or bad in bed. But now, but now I see that you were just a victim too. We have a bond, Susan. Like we're sisters. There's even a pretty one and an ugly one."

Bree: "Edie!"

Edie: "Oh I'm just saying that Karl screwed us both!"

Susan: "Yes, like you wouldn't believe."

Lynette: "Guys, I'm all for bashing exes, but let's save a little of our hate for his partner in crime, the other woman."

Gabrielle: "Mmm hmm."

Bree: "You know they're always coming up with these excuses to justify being a home wrecker."

Gabrielle: "Exactly! Like, 'he wouldn't have been with me if he was gettin' it at home.'"

Lynette: "'Oh, honey, you're the love of my life, she's just the runner up.'"

Susan: "Oh look, the baby's doing something really cute."

Everyone looks over to see Lily fast asleep.

Gabrielle: "She's sleeping."

Susan: "Like an angel."

Gabrielle: "Look, I think we all know that Karl is a dog. But let's face it, if these tramps were laying out the buffet, he wouldn't be chowing down!"

Susan: "Well, every situation is different and it's hard to judge until we know all the details."

All four women stare at Susan.

Susan: "Which obviously I don't know, because how would I know."

The women continue staring at Susan.

Susan: "She's a slutty, slutty whore, absolutely!"

All the women smile and nod.

Edie: "Yeah!"

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Carlos and Gabrielle have Lily in a carriage. Gabrielle is putting a hat on Lily.

Carlos: "Are you sure she needs that? I just put sunscreen on her."

Gabrielle: "Yes, she needs the bonnet. It completes she outfit!"

Carlos: "Oh, for God's sake, Gaby."

Gabrielle and Carlos are walking down Wisteria Lane proudly pushing the carriage.

Gabrielle: "She's never too young to start accessorizing. Besides, all the neighbors are out today and I want them to see how happy we are. Wish they were us!"

Dale comes running up in his letterman jacket and starts walking with Gabrielle and Carlos.

Dale: "Hey! Uh, baby's a beauty."

Carlos: "We think so, but we're a little bit biased."

Dale leans over into the carriage. Lily laughs.

Dale: "Oh wow! She's got my eyes."

Gabrielle: "Huh?"

Dale: "Oh, I'm Dale. Dale Helm. I'm the baby's birth father."

Gabrielle: "Ah, well, hi, Dale, nice to meet you. A lot of people have been looking for you."

Dale: "Yeah, I know. Lawyers and stuff! I got kinda held up in Florida longer than I thought."

Carlos: "Spring break, right?"

Dale: "Yeah. Oh man, we were wasted twenty-four seven! Then I got the message and I just thought my friends were messin' with me. Those buttwads!"

Gabrielle: "Well, it's a good thing he's here. We can take him to the lawyer's office and you can sign over full custody to us. Okay."

Dale: "Yeah, uh, the thing about that is, I'm gonna want the baby."

Carlos and Gabrielle turn and stare at Dale in shock. A few minutes later, Gabrielle and Carlos are walking quickly down the sidewalk, pushing the carriage, with Dale following them.

Dale: "Come on, you guys, we don't have to make this ugly."

Gabrielle: "You're trying to take our baby, how is it not going to be ugly?"

Carlos: "Keep walking, Gaby, don't engage him."

Dale: "Listen, Mr. Solis."

Gabrielle: "No! You listen! We were granted custody. If you want her, you talk to the judge!"

Frank's car pulls up next to Dale.

Frank: "What is the hold up?"

Dale: "They told me I gotta talk to a judge."

Gabrielle: "What the hell are you doing here, Frank?"

Frank: "It's his baby. Give it to him!"

Gabrielle: "Like hell!"

Julie is watering the lawn as they pass Susan's house.

Julie: "Hey, Mrs. Solis, can I see the baby?"

Carlos and Gabrielle: "No!"

Frank: "Dale! Just do it already!"

Dale: "I'm not just going to kidnap it!"

Frank: "Why not! They did! It is your baby. Just take it!"

Carlos turns and stands face to face with Dale.

Carlos: "Try it!"

Dale: "Frank?"

Dale turns to Frank. Gabrielle looks smugly at Frank, who groans.

Frank: "Get in you moron!"

Dale: "Anyways, it looks like you're doing a good job with her."

Frank: "Dumbass!"

Dale: "She seems clean."

Carlos gets closer to Dale, who runs and gets into Frank's car. Frank pulls away quickly. Carlos and Gabrielle watch the car drive away.

Outside Betty's House

Matthew approaches the Applewhite house. Betty is talking to a couple on the front door.

Betty: "Like I said, we have been very happy here. I'm sure you will be too."

Man: "Oh, we just love it."

Woman: "Yeah."

Betty: "Once the stairs are repaired, I'll show you the basement."

The couple leave. Matthew walks up to Betty.

Matthew: "What's going on?"

Betty: "The house just sold. Start packing."

Wisteria Lane Park - Daytime

Danielle: "Why don't you just put Caleb in an institution? It's where he belongs anyway."

Matthew: "My mom would never let strangers take care of him."

Danielle: "Then why don't you call the police. Then it's not up to her."

Matthew: "If I call the police, my mom and I go to jail with Caleb. We've been hiding a murderer. Now look, if we do move, I promise I will call you every day."

Danielle: "I don't need a phone buddy. I need a boyfriend!"

Matthew: "Would you calm down please?"

Danielle: "Don't tell me what to do! You know I could go to the police myself."

Matthew: "Danielle!"

Danielle: "I just, I love you so much, I would do anything to keep you here."

Matthew: "Yeah, I see that now."

Danielle: "You can't leave me alone here. You have to think of something."

Matthew: "Don't worry, I will."

Lynette's Office - Nighttime

An instant message appears on the computer screen. It's from T-Man Scavo.

T-MAN-SCAVO: "WHEN R U COMING HOME?"

Lynette sees Ed working hard at his computer with headphones on.

LYNETTE65: "AT THIS RATE? NEVER."

T-MAN SCAVO: "HE'S KEEPING YOU LATE AND I'M HORNY!"

LYNETTE65: "WHAT DO U WANT ME 2 DO ABOUT THAT?"

T-MAN SCAVO: "DUNNO. WHAT DO U WANT 2 DO?"

Lynette drops a sugar packet and leans over to pick it up. In the meantime, an instant message from Ed pops up on Lynette's screen.

ED FERRARA: "MAKING COFFEE... YOU WANT?"

Lynette sits back up, smiles, and starts typing.

LYNETTE65: "I WANT TO LICK U FROM HEAD TO FOOT."

She hits "enter" and then notices that it's an instant message from Ed.

Lynette: "Oh my god!"

She watches Ed and the new message appears on his screen. Ed reads, looks shocked, then turns and stares at Lynette. Lynette jumps up and runs into Ed's office.

Lynette: "Ed. Hey. I'm so sorry, but obviously that was just meant for Tom's eyes only."

Ed: "Honest mistake. Don't even worry about it."

Lynette: "Okay, thanks. Well, I'm gonna go back in my office and continue to feel like a huge pervert."

Ed: "At least you and Tom have a love life."

Lynette: "Well, we do the best we can. Given the circumstances."

Ed: "Better than Fran and I. We're dead in that department. Ah, no, I don't wanna bore you with details."

Lynette: "I appreciate that. You know, Ed. I don't want to pry into your personal business, but if you are having problems in that area, you don't have to be resigned to it."

Ed: "What are you suggesting, hookers? No, Ed Ferrara doesn't pay for s*x."

Lynette: "I mean, you and Fran could spice it up a bit. You know, get the old juicec flowing again."

Ed: "Oh, I see. Kinda like" (looks at his computer screen) "'I'd like to lick you from head to foot.'"

Lynette: "Okay, well that wasn't my best work, but you can't deny results. IMing works. When I go home tonight Tom and I are going to...okay, well, um, I'm going to be exhausted so I'll probably just lay there. But, trust me, Tom is gonna go to town."

Ed: "That's something to think about, lord knows. You know the sad truth in this? I have been thinking about hookers."

Lynette: "Okay. Uh, well I hope that helped. And I'm just gonna go back and finish so we can all get out of here."

Claude's Bakery

Claude is putting newly baked good into the shelves. Bree walks in.

Claude: "Let me guess. You're not here for a bearclaw."

Bree: "No, I'm not."

Claude: "You're wasting your time."

Bree: "Look, you don't have to worry Peter, not while he's with me."

Claude: "Yeah? Why is that?"

Bree: "Because, when it comes to s*x I have an unwavering moral compass. Truly! Men could beg and plead all day long and it wouldn't make any difference. So since I have such strong self control, there's really no reason for us to end our friendship."

Claude: "The guy's a ticking bomb! You have no idea the kind of depravity that comes with this disease. Waking up in a stranger's bed every morning, cruising the park at night looking for somebody to get off with, compusive masturbation every chance you get!"

A man sitting at a table overhears, gets up, and walks out.

Claude "For guys like Peter and me, there's no beauty in s*x. It's an empty and ugly compulsion."

Bree: "Well, I am sorry, but the Peter I know has a little more sense..."

Claude sees a young man walking in.

Claude: "Hold on."

Claude walks up to the man entering.

Druggie: "Claude, I need, I need some help."

Claude: "What are you doing here? Are you using?"

Druggie: "No. But I bought a bag."

Claude: "You're an embarrassment to me. Give it!"

Claude holds out his hand. The guy pulls a bag out of his pocket and hands it to Claude.

Claude: "There's a meeting over on 10th Street. You go there! You call me after."

Druggie: "I'm sorry."

Claude: "Get the hell out of my shop."

Claude goes back to Bree. He holds up the bag.

Claude: "I'm also a sponsor at Cocaine Anonymous."

Bree: "Well, aren't you the renaissance man!"

Claude: "Are we done here, Princess?"

Bree: "Not yet. You obviously have an encyclopedic grasp of everything depraved, but clearly you don't have the slightest idea about a loving relationship."

Claude laughs and holds up the bag of cocaine.

Claude: "This is all you are to Peter. Something to satisfy his addiction!"

Bree: "Well, I think Peter is a better man than you do and I am not going to let you keep us apart."

Claude: "Try and stop me. Peter does everything I tell him to do. It's the one thing you can depend on with addicts. They're weak."

Claude walks into the back room. Bree turns to leave. Two police officers walk in.

Bree: "Excuse me. May I ask you something?"

Officer #1: "Yes, ma'am."

Bree: "If a citizen, an ordinary citizen like myself, knew of someone holding a significant amount of drugs, what would my responsibilities be, you know, under the law?"

Bree and the two officers stare at Claude in the back room.


Edie's House

Susan is outside Edie's door with a stack of books.

Edie: "What's all this?"

Later, Edie and Susan sit on Edie's couch in the living room.

Susan: "And this one I ran out and got the day I found out Karl was doing it with his secretary. I think you'll find this particularly helpful. It's got a chapter called, 'Revenge: You're only Hurting Yourself.'"

Edie: "Yeah, you know, I just really not into the whole reading thing.:"

Susan: "Oh. Well, um, why don't we get you out of here. Let's go see a feel-good movie."

Edie: "Why are you being so nice to me?"

Susan: "Well, I just wanna help. So, how about that movie?"

Edie: "You know how I like to heal? I get hammered."

Susan: "Ah, well, um, then I should just go and let you get started with that."

Edie: "You really want to help me? Good! 'Cause I'm gonna need a designated driver."

Susan: "Oh, ah, okay."

Bree's House

Bree is placing a plate of cookies in front of Peter, who's sitting at the kitchen table.

Peter: "How could he be arrested for cocaine possession? Claude swore he was clean."

Bree: "It's just awful, isn't it? I mean, you never know what people are doing behind your back. Would you like some milk with your cookies?"

Peter: "Thanks. It's just, he was the best sponsor I've ever had and I don't know what I'm going to do now."

Bree: "Well, I have been doing some thinking and here's a thought. Why don't I be your sponsor?"

Peter: "You gotta be kidding. You don't know squat about s*x addiction."

Bree: "Well, cravings are cravings and all you really need is a friend to call when you start having inappropriate thoughts and I can be that friend."

Peter: "Well, there's more to it than that. Claude rescued me from some pretty nasty scenes over the years."

Bree: "Well, if you are in trouble, I could handle it."

Peter: "How can you be so sure?"

Bree: "Because I can be very strong for those people that I really care about."

Peter: "How can you have any feelings for me at all? I mean you've only known me for a few weeks. "

Bree: "Yes, and in that time, I've come to learn that you are good and kind and smart. And yes, you have a little problem that you need some help with, but I'm willing to be there for you. So, what's the big deal?"

Peter: "If you saw me at my worst, you might not like me so much."

Bree: "Peter, let me be your rock. Taking care of people is what I do best. Drink your milk."

Sports Bar

Waitresses wearing tank tops and short shorts are serving people. A waitress brings a large plate of chicken wings to Susan and Edie's table. The waitress walks away as Edie dips her finger in the sauce and tastes.

Edie: "Ah, ah, ah, mm, mm. I asked for extra spicy."

Waitress: "I'm pretty sure you said medium."

Edie: "Are you? Well, maybe if you'd written it down, you could have spared yourself the walk of shame back to the kitchen."

Edie hands the large plate back to the waitress who walks away.

Susan: "Edie, why are you torturing that girl?"

Edie: "That is her. That is the one that Karl is in love with. We have been here a million times and you should see the way that she flirts with him. When she comes back here, I'm gonna shove this pitcher in her perky little mug and when she's..."

Susan: "Let's not make a scene. It's not worth it. For the sake of argument, let's, let's, let's say that it's someone else. You know, probably it would be a vulnerable lonely woman who Karl just took advantage of. And what if this poor confused soul begged your forgiveness? What would you say?"

Edie: "I'd say too little, too late, bitch, and then I'd kick her!"

Susan: "Oh."

Edie: "Yeah, but you don't have to worry about that cause I'm positive it's her. I mean, who else could it be? Karl's office is all guys and the only women he sees are me, Julie, that, that lesbian who does his taxes and you."

Susan sees the waitress coming back with Edie's plate.

Susan: "You know what? It is her."

Edie: "Really? Why?"

Susan: "She just spit in your wings."

Edie: "You got my back?"

Susan: "Uh, sure."

The waitress starts walking back to Edie's table carrying the large plate of food.

Waitress: "Here you go, extra spicy."

Edie sticks out her leg, tripping the waitress. The waitress falls and the food goes flying. She gets up and confronts Edie.

Waitress: "You did that on purpose."

Edie punches her and the waitress falls over. Three other waitresses look over to see what's happening. Edie jumps on top of the waitress.

Edie: "You!"

A whistle blows. Edie turns around to see the three other waitresses jumping on top of her. Susan looks on in shock.

Edie: "Hey, get off. Get off me you brats. Mayer! Oh, help!"

Susan finally jumps in to help. Everyone is lying on the floor among the wings, fighting.

Betty's House

Matthew is packing. Caleb is concentrating on lining up wine glasses.

Matthew: "So, uh, when we leave who are you gonna miss the most?"

Caleb: "I don't know."

Matthew: "Yeah, you do. You say goodbye to her yet?"

Caleb: "No."

Matthew: "Look man, it's, it's okay if you like her. You know, I think Danielle really likes you too."

Caleb: "Really?"

Matthew: "Yeah. She told me she'd be really sad if you left and didn't say goodbye. You know, I think that she might even want you to give her a little kiss."

Caleb: "But, Danielle doesn't even like me in her room. She gets mad."

Matthew: "Yeah. I talked to her about that. She feels really bad. But you know what? She told me if you come in her room again, she won't get mad. And Caleb, she's gonna act like she doesn't want you to kiss her, but she does."

Parson's Christian Academy Gymnasium

A pep rally is taking place. Student are cheering below a "Huskies" banner.

"Dale Helm, like all the students at Parson's Christian Academy, was taught that his future was safely in God's hands. What he didn't know was that Gabrielle Solis was about to force a fumble."

Gabrielle walks into the building where a sign hangs reading "Jesus never punts." She opens the door to the main gym and sees the pep rally going on. She looks at the students and sees Dale sitting with the other football players in the front row. She waves, and Dale shakes his head no.

Coach: "All right guys. We all know next week we're playing the Falcons. We're gonna fry up those guys for dinner!"

The crowd cheer and applauds. Gabrielle waves at Dale to come over to her.

Coach: "Cause we're the Huskies! Are you all the Huskies?"

The crowd stands and yells.

Crowd: "Huskies! Huskies! Huskies!"

Gabrielle starts walks toward Dale. Dale sees her and runs to her. He turns her around and pushes her toward the door.

Crowd: "Huskies! Huskies! Huskies!"

Dale pushes her out the door.

Dale: "What are you doing? You can't be here."

Gabrielle: "Let's talk turkey. What is it gonna take for you to give up the baby?"

Dale: "It's not gonna happen okay? I gotta get back. I'm the quarterback. It doesn't look right."

Dale starts walking toward the door. Gabrielle grabs him.

Gabrielle: "Okay, no, no. Wait! What about a car or college? Tuition's a killer these days. I could help you out."

Dale: "I don't need help. You hear those cheers? Those are for me. Last game, I threw two hundred forty-six yards. With stats like that, I could get into the college of my choice."

Gabrielle: "So why do you wanna be a dad? These are your glory days. A baby would ruin your life."

Dale: "Oh, I know. But Frank said once I get the baby, he's gonna take it off my hands."

Gabrielle: "But it's not even his!"

Dale: "Libby dumped him and he thinks that if he has the baby and she sees him acting all mature, she'll take him back."

Gabrielle: "No, no, no. I am not letting that idiot use my baby as a bargaining chip!"

Dale: "Hey, it's outta my hands."

Gabrielle: "No, it doesn't have to be. Okay, just do the right thing and sign the release form."

Dale: "Look, I'm really sorry."

Dale runs by Gabrielle back into the gym.

Inside the gym, the coach blows a whistle and the crowd quiets. Dale comes running in and sits down.

Coach: "Before we adjourn today, let's take a moment to bow our heads."

Everyone bows their heads in silent prayer. They all turn to look as they hear the gym doors open. Dale is shocked to see Gabrielle walking to the podium. Gabrielle physically pushes the coach aside to get to the microphone.

Gabrielle: "Hello everyone! I'm Gaby Solis, class of ninety-four. Woo-hoo! I just wanted to give God a big shout out to this amazing season. The man upstairs has definitely been on your side. You wanna know why? Because you boys live clean. You keep your noses up. You stay out of trouble. And you don't go around getting strippers pregnant. And that's a good thing, 'cause if one of you caused a scandal like that, ha, not only would that guy get kicked off the team and lose all of his scholarships, but God would drop your school colors so fast it'd make your head spin! And then the football season would go to hell! No pun intended. So my point is, do the right thing and no one gets hurt."

Dale stares at Gaby, eyes wide.

Gabrielle's House

Carlos is walking Lily around as Gabrielle comes in, placing the paper on the table.

Gabrielle: "Signed, sealed, delivered. Lily's ours."

Parcher and Murphy Advertising Agency

Tom: "So what do you think, are you staying late again or can I finally have dinner at home with my wife?"

Lynette: "Oh, I don't know. I'm gonna go check with Ed."

Tom: "Okay."

Ed's Office

Ed is sitting in a dark office in front of his computer concentrating.

Lynette: "Hey. Any luck with that IMing thing?"

Ed: "No, not really. I was online chatting with Fran a while ago and I asked her what she was wearing and she said a yellow blouse."

Lynette: "Okay, that's good. Then what?"

Ed: "Then, man that's it. I just kinda blocked."

Lynette: "You blocked?"

Ed: "Yeah, I didn't know what else to say."

Lynette: "You're an award winning copywriter. You get paid to write!"

Ed: "Yeah, jingles for oatmeal, not soft core p0rn."

Lynette: "For God's sakes, it's not brain surgery. Is she still online?"

Ed: "Yeah, I think so."

Lynette grabs Ed's keyboard.

Lynette: "Ah." (typing) "'I love the way that blouse clings to your body.'"

An instant message appears from Funnyfran

FUNNYFRAN: "ARE YOU JOKING?"

Ed: "Okay."

Lynette: "Mmm, mmm, mmm." (typing) "'Nothing funny about those beautiful breasts.'" (reading the response off of the screen) "Yeah? What did you want to do to me?"

Ed: "Uh..."

Jerry comes in

Jerry: "Ed, your conference call is ready."

Ed: "Oh god. I almost forgot about that. Okay, I gotta go take this. You keep going 'cause you're doing great!"

Lynette: "No, Ed, I'm not doing this for you."

Ed: "Just..."

Lynette: "What!"

Ed pushes Lynette into his chair and starts to leave the room. He mimics typing at Lynette, then leaves the room.

Lynette ( typing as she talks ): "Touch every inch of your body until you are trembling."

FUNNYFRAN: "WILL U DO THAT THING WITH UR TEETH?"

Lynette ( typing as she talks ): "Oh yeah, I'll bite you good."

FUNNYFRAN: "CAN I DO THAT THING I DID ON THE HONEYMOON?"

Lynette ( typing as she talks ): "Hell, yeah. First I want you to touch yourself."

FUNNYFRAN: "R U?"

Lynette ( typing as she talks ): "Oh yeah!"

FUNNYFRAN: "GET HOME NOW!!!"

Lynette ( typing as she talks ): "I'm on my way."

Bree's Bedroom

Bree is fast asleep when the phone rings.

Bree: "Hello."

Peter (over the phone): "Bree, it's Peter and I'm in trouble."

Apartment 3D

Bree knocks on the door. A man in boxer shorts with a mask on his head opens the door.

Bree: "Hi. I'm looking for, um, Peter McMillan."

Man: "Not sure I know him. Should ask my wife. She organized the party. Hey, Judy, get over here and act like a hostess. Come on in, come on, come on."

He pulls Bree inside. The room is filled with people having a party in various states of undress. A naked woman walks up to her.

Judy: "Hey, there. Things are just getting started. After you take off your clothes, feel free to jump right in."

Bree: "No, no, I'm good. I'm just here to pick up my friend Peter. He's locked himself in your bathroom and I'm here to take him home."

Man: "Oh, yeah, that guy. We wondered about him. The bathroom's over there."

Judy: "Hey, is that your natural color?"

Bree: "Yes, it is."

Judy: "Beautiful. I wish mine would do that. This is out of a bottle."

Bree: "Yes, I'm aware of that."

Bree runs toward the bathroom and knocks on the door.

Bree: "Peter? Peter, it's Bree. Are you in there?"

She walks into the bathroom and finds a fully clothed Peter sitting on the toilet seat.

Bree: "What are you doing here?"

Peter: "I'm a s*x addict, what do you thing?"

Bree: "You can't possibly be turned on by what's going on out there."

Peter: "Disgusting, isn't it?"

Bree: "Yes! Why would you want to come to a place like this?"

Peter: "I didn't! I wanted you to come. I can't make you not have feelings for me but I can show you who I was, what my life was like."

Bree: "Well, that's not your life anymore."

Peter: "But it could be. If I slip again this exactly where you could find me. Or some place worse! Then what would you think of me?"

Bree: "Peter."

Peter: "Bree. It's dangerous to care about me. A lot of people have over the years and they all end up getting hurt."

Bree: "Rex said he'd always be faithful. George said he's never hurt me and as it turned out they were both liars. So as long as you're honest with me, you'd be amazed at what I can put up with. Now let's go home."

Ed's Office

Ed is lying on his couch as Lynette walks in.

Lynette: "Hey, there. Did you have a late night? I hope."

Ed: "It was horrible. The whole thing blew up in my face. Why would you tell my wife to bite my nipple off?"

Lynette: "I didn't! I didn't. Why would she, ohhhh. The honeymoon thing."

Ed: "Yeah! And it hurt like hell then, too. It didn't take her long to figure out that I let a stranger seduce her online."

Lynette: "Oh. God!"

Ed: "She was so mad she locked herself in the bathroom and called a divorce lawyer."

Lynette: "You're getting divorced?"

Ed: "I spent two hours pleading with her through the bathroom door, begging her not to leave me. We finally managed to come to terms."

Lynette: "What kind of terms?"

Ed: "I promised her I would fire the person who did it."

Lynette: "You're gonna fire me?"

Ed: "No, of course not. You're too important here. I'm gonna fire Tom. I told her it was him that send the IMs."

Lynette: "What?"

Ed: "I told her that he had a problem with boundaries. I'm sorry, I didn't want to do this, but my marriage was on the line."

Lynette: "You can't make my husband your scapegoat! I won't let you!"

Ed: "I don't have a damn choice. I can't be divorced, Lynette. I can't."

Lynette: "He's under contract. If you just fire him, he'll sue you and I'll back him up! You need cause."

Ed: "Well, I guess I'll have to find cause. Shouldn't be too difficult if I look hard enough."

Lynette walks out of Ed's office to see Tom talking with some coworkers. He smiles at her and she smiles back.

Susan's House

Edie is at the front door.

Edie: "Hey, how's the eye?"

Susan: "Oh, it's still a little red but I think I got all the hot sauce out."

Edie: "That's good. So, um, you know the other day when I said that thing about us being sisters? Well when I said it, I really didn't mean it."

Susan: "Yeah, I kinda figured that."

Edie: "No, I mean I really didn't mean it. But, um, now I do. Thank you. Thank you for having my back."

Edie hugs Susan.

Susan: "So, do I have to worry about you attacking any more waitresses?"

Edie: "Nah. My bar brawling days are over."

Edie looks up as a car drives by.

Edie: "Oh, you know, I'd better go, I have a meeting. I'll talk to you later."

Edie runs down the street to her house. A man is getting out of the car parked in front of her house.

Edie: "Are you Oliver?"

Oliver: "You must be Edie. Pleasure to meet you."

Edie: "Oh, likewise. I hear you're one of the best private detectives in town."

Oliver: "I do what I can."

Edie: "Well, come on in. Let's talk. Um, basically, I just want you to trail my ex. He left me for another woman and I want to nail that ho to the wall."

Betty's House - Nighttime

Caleb is sleeping on the couch. Matthew comes downstairs.

Matthew: "Caleb, hey, come on buddy, wake up. Caleb. It's time."

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Caleb is running down the street toward Bree's house. He looks up at Danielle's window, sees the light on, and runs toward the house.

Danielle's Bedroom

Danielle is at the mirror, in her pajamas, combing her hair. She sees Caleb in the mirror, entering her room.

Bree's Bedroom

Bree is removing her earrings getting ready for bed when she hears Danielle scream.

Danielle: "Ahhh! Get away from me!"

Bree goes to her night stand and pulls a gun out of the drawer. She runs into Danielle's room and sees Caleb standing over Danielle on the floor trying to pull away. She points the gun at Caleb, then shoots into the air. Caleb turns toward Bree.

Bree: "Get away from her! Danielle, I want you to pick up the phone and call the police."

Danielle: "No!"

Bree: "What?"

Danielle: "Matthew and his mother have been protecting Caleb. They're in as much trouble as he is."

Bree: "I don't care!"

Danielle: "Mom, please, I love him! Please!"

Betty's House

Betty is sitting at her table looking shocked. Matthew walks in.

Bree: "If I hadn't been in the house, he could have raped her or worse!"

Matthew: "He's locked in his room now so..."

Bree: "Needless to say the agreement between us is off! Caleb is dangerous and I want him put away! If he is not gone by tomorrow, I am calling the police!"

Matthew: "He will be, I promise you. Can I go check on Danielle?"

Bree: "Yes. Betty, I am serious. Either you do something or I will!"

Betty: "Bree, stop worrying. I understand what needs to happen now."

Danielle's Bedroom

Danielle is curled up on the window seat. Matthew enters.

Matthew: "Danielle?"

Danielle: "Did it work?"

Matthew: "Perfectly! You did great."

Betty's House - Daytime

Betty is unpacking groceries. Matthew walks in.

Matthew: "So I got some rates on some mental hospitals around here and, um, there's one called Silvercrest, which actually seems okay."

Betty: "Put this ham in the refrigerator, will you? I think I'll make it for dinner."

Matthew: "Uh, mom, I know you don't want to talk about his, but we have to. I mean Mrs. Van de Kamp is gonna call the police."

Betty: "I promised myself I would never institutionalize your brother."

Matthew: "Mom!"

Betty: "How long do you think it will be before he'd act out? Maybe even hurt somebody. A couple days? A week? Then they'd throw him in a straight jacket and drug away what's left of his mind. Spend the rest of his life at the mercy of strangers."

Matthew: "But if we don't send him to a hospital, he's gonna end up in prison and don't you think that's worse?"

Betty: "Yes, of course I do."

Matthew: "So, what the hell are we gonna do?"

Betty hands Matthew a bottle of medicine.

Matthew: "Phenobarbital?"

Betty: "It's easy. It's painless. Just a few extra drops. He simply falls asleep. Caleb was meant for a better world than this, Matthew. It's time to give your brother the peace he deserves."

Matthew looks at the bottle, then his mother.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is gently tossing Lily when the door bell rings.

Gabrielle: "Who's the pretty girl? Oh, looks like it's Daddy's turn. Yes."

Gabrielle hands the baby to Carlos and opens the door. Outside are two officers and a court officer in a suit.

Court Officer: "Mrs. Solis?"

Gabrielle: "Yes?"

Court Officer: "We have a court order to take the Collins' baby into custody."

Carlos: "No, no, no, that's a mistake. No we. we have the paperwork. The birth father signed away his rights."

Court Officer: "It's the birth mother who's protesting."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Court Officer: "Until the adoption is legally finalized, the birth mother can still change her mind and she has."

They look out to the police car. Libby and Frank get out of the car. Gabrielle runs out to the police car.

Gabrielle: "No, no, no, no, no, no!"

Carlos: "Gaby, wait!"

Gabrielle: "You? You don't even want to be a mother."

Libby: "Well, look, Frank quit using and, uh, he got a good job down at the plant. He's really stepped up."

Gabrielle: "So?"

Libby: "Well, so we're gonna the whole family thing a shot. Well, I'll totally give you all your money back."

Gabrielle: "I don't want my money back! I want my baby!"

Carlos hands Lily to a female officer. Libby sees this and starts getting in the car.

Libby: "C'mon, let's go."

Gabrielle: "Carlos! No! Carlos, what's happening?"

The female officer carries the baby toward the car. Gabrielle tries to stop her.

Gabrielle: "No no, no, no, Ma'am, you don't understand, you don't understand! This is our baby!"

As Gabrielle tries to grab the baby the 2nd officer pulls her away.

Gabrielle: "No! We've been, we've been feeding her and we've been bathing her. And we wake up in the middle of the night and we rock her!"

The female officer hands Libby the baby.

Gabrielle: "Which is crazy, cause if you knew me I don't do that! I don't do that. And my husband, my husband, he sings to her. He sings! So, you can't take her away! It's too late, we've already fallen in love with her!"

Libby gets in the police car. The 2nd officer lets go of Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, do something!"

The police car starts up and begins to drive away. Gabrielle starts walking toward it. Carlos grabs her as the car drives away.

Gabrielle: "No! You can't go! You can't, you can't take her! You can't take her! No! She's our baby! She's ours! No! Please! Please!"

"There is a prayer intended to give strength to people faced with circumstances they don't want to accept."

A.A. Meeting

Everyone is sitting in a circle.

"The power of the prayer comes from it's insight into human nature."

Bree: "We ask God to grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change."

Outside Edie's House

The yard is covered with Karl's clothes. Edie comes out the door and throws more clothes.

"Because so many of us rage against the hand that life has dealt us."

A.A. Meeting

Bree: "The courage to change the things we can."

Parcher and Murphy Advertising Agency

Ed is walking out of his office. He looks over at Lynette and he gets into the elevator.

"Because so many of us are cowardly. And afraid to stand up for what is right."

A.A. Meeting

Bree: "And the wisdom to know the difference."

Betty's House

Betty is standing at the counter, staring at the prescription bottle in her hand, crying.

"Because so many of us give into despair..."

Betty puts the bottle in the kitchen drawer.

"...when faced with an impossible choice."

A.A Meeting

Peter, sitting next to Bree, takes her hand. Bree smiles at him.

"The good news for those who utter these words is that God will hear you and answer your prayer."

Gabrielle's House

Carlos is helping a crying Gabrielle back into the house.

"The bad news is that sometimes..."

They go inside and close the door.

"...the answer is no."

Susan: "Okay. Stop that."

Oliver's camera is blocked. He focuses upward onto Mike's face.

Mike: "What are you doing?"

Oliver: "Oh, sorry man. Are these your bushes? I'll clean it all up when I'm done. I'll be like I was not here."

Mike grabs Oliver by the lapels and pulls him out of the bushes.

Mike: "You're done now!"

Oliver: "Oh easy, big fella. I'm just a P.I. doing a domestic surveillance job."

Mike: "For who?"

Oliver: "The blonde lady at the end of the street."

Mike: "Edie Britt?"

Oliver: "Yeah. That's her fianc."

Mike looks toward Susan's house.

Oliver: "He dumped her for another woman. I just figured out who."

Mike: "Susan? There's nothing going on there. They used to be married. She's only talking to him because they had a kid together."

Oliver: "From what I heard, they're on their way to kid number two."

Mike: "You don't know what you're talking about."

Oliver: "And you don't know these soccer moms like I do. By day they bake cookies and carpool. Dim the lights and bam! They turn into total pigs!"

He squeals, imitating a pig.

Mike: "She's not like that."

Oliver: "Oh please. Look at her. That woman clearly knows her way around a mattress."

Mike punches Oliver, who falls down.

"Yes, Oliver Weston had become a cynic, which is why he couldn't recognize a man who was still in love."

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane - Late Night

Outside the Applewhite house.

"Every family has a way of hiding what it doesn't want seen."

Panning to a painting on a wall.

"Whether it's with a picture that covers a stain on a wall."

Panning to a closet door.

"Or with a closet door that conceals the chaos inside."

Panning to a photograph of Betty, Matthew and Caleb all smiling.

"Or with artificial smiles that mask years of pain and heartache."

Panning to another photograph of the three, again smiling.

"Every family goes to great lengths to hide ugly truths."

Betty opens a desk drawer to reveal a medication bottle which she picks up.

"Some, of course, go further than others."

Betty's House

Betty takes a pint of ice cream out of the freezer. She scoops out the ice cream into a bowl.

Matthew: "So, are you going to do this tonight?"

Betty: "No, the ice cream is for tomorrow. I'm taking Caleb on a picnic to Rottwater Lake. I'm preparing all of his favorite foods."

Matthew: "So, when you're done, you're just gonna leave him lying there?"

Betty pours the phenobarbital into the bowl of ice cream.

Betty: "No. I'll call nine-one-one anonymously. But I will be watching from a distance to make sure that they pick up his body."

Matthew: "You know, mom, you don't have to do this."

Betty: "I won't let him hurt another girl and I will not turn him over to people who will mock and abuse him. I just won't."

Betty begins scooping the ice cream back into the pint container. She covers the container.

Betty: "His last day on this earth is going to be a perfect one."

Gabrielle's House

Xiao-Mei is crying while scooping some casserole onto a plate. She offers it to Gabrielle. Bree, Lynette, Susan and Edie are standing around the kitchen counter that's covered with dishes of food.

Gabrielle: "Oh, no thanks, Xiao-Mei. Poor thing, she was so attached to Lily."

Susan: "Where'd all this food come from?"

Gabrielle: "The people from Carlos' church."

Lynette: "So you think you and Carlos will try for another adoption?"

Gabrielle: "I don't think I could go through that pain again. I did freeze some of my eggs so we might do the surrogacy thing, but I don't know."

Bree: "Honey, you've got to eat something."

Gabrielle: "I don't have an appetite. If fact, this is all going to go to waste. You guys should take something."

Lynette: "No, no, you should keep it."

Edie: "I'll take a couple."

The other three ladies look at her.

Edie: "What? Karl dumped me, so I'm alone. Food fills the void."

Xiao-Mei is standing behind them reading a letter. She begins to cry.

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei, I appreciate your grief, but really, you're bringing everybody down. Would you pull it together?"

Xiao-Mei: "Mrs. Solis?"

She hands Gabrielle the letter, which Gabrielle reads.

Gabrielle: "I don't understand. It's from the government."

Lynette takes the letter.

Lynette: "Gaby, she's being deported. Xiao-Mei, is this the first letter like this you've received?"

Xiao-Mei walks over the a drawer and opens it. She pulls out a large stack of letters. Everyone gasps as she hands them to Gaby.

Gabrielle: "Oh my god, this can't be happening."

Xiao-Mei: "I can't go home. My uncle will sell me again."

Gabrielle: "Oh no, no Xiao-Mei, you're not going anywhere. You're much too important to Carlos and me. We're gonna fight this and we're gonna win!"

Bree: "Gaby, you can't promise her that!"

Gabrielle: "Bree, you heard what she said. I can't let this poor kid go back to China and become someone's slave!"

Xiao-Mei: "Thank you."

Xiao-Mei leans in for a hug. Gabrielle hugs her, pats her back, then pushes her gently away.

Gabrielle: "All right, look my friends want to take some of this to go, so pack it up and we're a little low on coffee."

Lynette's House - Nighttime

Lynette uncovers the macaroni and cheese platter from Gabrielle's house. She spoons some onto Tom's plate.

Tom: "You're actually going to let me eat this?"

Lynette: "Honey, you've been working so hard. Off on business trips all the time. Tonight we throw caution and cholestrol to the wind. You deserve a little comfort food."

Lynette kisses the top of Tom's head.

Tom: "Oh, no, you're pregnant?"

Lynette: "God! Your mind goes to dark places."

Tom: "Honey, you just served me a plate of whole fat Gouda. What's up?"

Lynette: "Okay. Well, remember I was helping Ed spark up his lovelife?"

Tom: "Yeah, you sent his wife those sexy IMs. Why?"

Lynette: "Well, Fran found out that Ed didn't send them and she blew her top. She wants the responsible party fired. And Ed lied and told her that you sent them."

Tom: "But it wasn't me, it was you."

Lynette: "I know."

Tom: "Oh, oh! But Ed couldn't possibly lose you! No, no, no, I'm the expendable one!"

Lynette: "Look, I know it's ridiculous, but Ed is not a rational person. Fran has him whipped and a whipped husband is someone we must take very seriously."

Tom: "Okay, how do we handle this?"

Lynette: "You're under contract. Ed can't fire you unless he has just cause. So until this blows over, you have to be a model employee. Show up on time, no more three martini lunches, and above all, have ready all of your presentations."

Tom: "I can't believe I'm being victimized like this."

Lynette: "Well, honey, in all fairness, those are all things you should be doing anyway."

Tom: "Fine!"

Tom walks away. He comes back, grabs his plate and the bottle of wine and stomps out.

Bree's House

Bree is serving dinner.

Bree: "Andrew, I am having Peter over for dinner tomorrow night and I was wondering if you would like to invite Justin?"

Andrew: "Yeah. Thanks. I'll call him tonight."

Danielle: "Since you two are having your boyfriends over, can I invite Matthew?"

Bree: "Out of the question."

Danielle: "So, let me get this straight. You can date a lush and he can bring over his gay lover, but god forbid I date a hot black guy."

Bree: "Until they lock Caleb up, I don't want you anywhere near that family."

Andrew: "His brother tried to rape you, and his mother keeps the guy locked up in her basement. I mean, let's face it Danielle, even you could do better."

Danielle: "Since when do you take Mom's side over mine?"

Bree: "Your brother and I had a talk and we've come to a detente of sorts."

Danielle: "Really? Even after she screwed you out of your trust fund?"

Bree: "Well, he did falsely accuse me of child abuse. I would say we're even, wouldn't you, Andrew?"

Andrew: "Sure, Mom. We're even."

Bree leaves the room. Andrew laughs quietly.

Danielle: "You can stop smiling now, I know your face is tired."

Andrew: "What?"

Danielle: "I'm not stupid. I know you hate her now as much as ever."

Andrew: "Mom and I are in a good place right now. Why can't you believe that?"

Mike's House

Susan is at his door.

Susan: "Hi. I got your message. What's up?"

Mike: "Come on in. This is Oliver Weston. He's a P.I. Edie hired him."

Susan: "Edie hired a P.I.?"

Mike: "Yeah. He's been spying on you and Karl."

Oliver: "How you doin'?"

Mike: "He thinks you two have been having an affair."

Susan: "Me and Karl? Why would you think that?"

Oliver pushes the play' button on a tape recorder.

Karl (on the tape): "Come on, Suse, you know we're meant to be together."

Susan (on the tape): "Karl, just stop."

Susan: "Well, that is Karl being nostalgic."

Karl (on the tape): "You said yourself: the s*x last week was the best you ever had."

Oliver pushes the stop' button.

Susan: "Okay, um, first of all, it was not the best s*x I ever had. I just said that to make him feel better." (whispering) "Obviously you were the best s*x I ever had."

Oliver: "That explains the punch in the face."

Mike: "I'm gonna hit you again if you don't shut up!"

Susan: "I know this sounds bad."

Mike: "You were actually fooling around with Karl behind Edie's back?"

Susan: "No, no, no, no. Karl lied to me. He told me that he and Edie had split up before..."

Mike: "You know what? I don't even care."

Susan: "Mike."

Mike opens his front door.

Oliver: "Are we done here?"

Mike: "Yeah!"

Oliver leaves.

Mike: "Goodnight, Susan."

Susan leaves and runs after Oliver.

Susan: "Hey, hey you, wait, wait, wait! You cannot tell Edie about this. Whatever she is paying you, I'll pay you double!"

Oliver: "She paid a two grand retainer, plus expenses."

Susan: "Two thousand dollars? Jeez! I gotta get into real estate. Okay, I, I don't have that kinda cash."

Oliver: "Well, then I guess I take the tape to Ms. Britt."

Susan grabs the tape out of Oliver's hand and runs.

Oliver: "I have a copy!"

Susan walks back and hands the tape to Oliver. Mike is looking out his window.

Susan: "Okay, let's try this another way. You are about to unleash a nuclear explosion. Lives are going to be ruined."

Oliver: "I'll tell you what. I'll hold off 'til Monday to report to Ms. Britt."

Susan: "Yes!"

Oliver: "Give you some time to gather a little cash."

Susan: "What if I can't?"

Oliver makes an explosion noise.

U.S. Department of Homeland Security

Carlos and Gabrielle are in the office of a government official.

Officer: "I'm sorry but Xiao-Mei missed all of her appeal deadlines."

Carlos: "So, that's it? You're just going to send her back to China?"

Officer: "My hands are tied. If your maid were married to an American citizen or have a child who is an American citizen or if she were a well-known entertainer."

Gabrielle: "Uh, what if she was pregnant with an American citizen?"

Carlos and Gabrielle look at each other.

Gabrielle's House

Xiao-Mei is doing her housework when Gabrielle and Carlos walk in.

Gabrielle: "Ah, Xiao-Mei. We spoke to Homeland Security and we have good news."

Xiao-Mei: "I can stay?"

Gabrielle: "Mmm hmm."

Xiao-Mei: "Oh, thank you!"

She grabs Gabrielle and hugs her.

Gabrielle: "Ah, okay."

Xiao-Mei: "Thank you!"

Gabrielle: "Well, there's just one little thing. Um, the immigration laws have gotten really tough in this country, so we're behind the eight ball going in. But we plead your case and we fought tooth and nail and the law says you can stay, but only if you have our baby."

Xiao-Mei: "What?"

Carlos: "The agency said that if you were pregnant with an American citizen, then they couldn't deport you."

Gabrielle: "So we thought you need a baby in your belly! We need a surrogate! Win! Win! Win!"

Xiao-Mei: "Sur-ro-git?"

Gabrielle: "Oh well, it would be our baby, it would just be growing inside of you."

Xiao-Mei looks confused.

Gabrielle: "Okay, uh, well. Oh, okay, it's like this. The three of us are making your famous szechuan dumpings. And I'm the dough and Carlos is the pork and you're the oven!"

Xiao-Mei: "I have baby?"

Carlos: "Okay, we take care of everything. You know uh, hospital bills and maternity clothes and Lamaze classes. And of course, you wouldn't have to do any work!"

Gabrielle: "Well, uh, maybe just a little light dusting, nothing major."

Xiao-Mei: "No!"

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei, you don't have a choice. It's either this or go back to China."

Xiao-Mei: "No to baby! No!"

She runs out of the room, crying.

Carlos: "You had to push the dusting, didn't you?"

Bree's House

Bree is preparing hors d'oerves while talking on the phone.

Bree: "Peter, I don't think I'm being unreasonable here."

Peter: "It's not like I'm gonna advertise my addiction history, but if your kids ask a direct question, I'm not gonna lie to them."

Andrew walks in.

Bree: "Right! Uh-huh. Good point."

Andrew leaves the room.

Bree: "Listen, I don't expect you to lie about the alcoholism. I mean, they know that's how we met. It's just, you know, the other thing."

Peter: "Oh! The other thing."

Bree: "They're just getting to know you and so I want them to focus on your good qualities. I just don't know how they'll react if they find out that you're a s*x addict."

In the other room, Andrew is listening in on the extension. He smiles.

Outside Bree's House

Andrew is sitting on the steps. Danielle comes home.

Danielle: "What are you so happy about?"

Andrew: "You know how you were mad at mom about not letting Matthew come to dinner?"

Danielle: "Yeah."

Andrew: "I just figured out the funniest way for you to get back at her."

Parcher & Murphy Conference Room

Ed: "Okay, what's on the schedule for today?"

Tom: "I have got the Boston Toy presentation ready to go."

Ed: "Actually, I don't have time for a full pitch, so just give me the gist."

Tom: "Excuse me?"

Ed: "You know, boil it down. Give me one line."

Tom: "Okay, basically, it's 'toys are fun.'"

Ed: "I hate it."

Tom: "How can you hate it? I only gave you three words."

Ed: "It's three words I hate. Okay, I'm gonna take over the Boston Toy Company account."

Tom: "No, you cannot take over"

Ed: "In the meantime, you should all be aware I don't like the way you people have been filing your expense reports. There's been a lot of padding. Meanwhile, this company is hemorrhaging money. I'm gonna put a stop to it, so I have hired a forensic accountant. He's gonna go through them, make sure everything's kosher. And I find one receipt, one bar tab that's fishy, it's grounds for dismissal. Oh, Scavo? He's gonna start with you."


Lynette's Office

Lynette: "I can't believe that son of a bitch hired a forensic accountant. He's more whipped than I thought. Well, he's tragically underestimated us. The gloves are coming off."

Tom: "You know, maybe I should just quit."

Lynette: "What? Yesterday you were up in arms. Now, now you're ready to cave?"

Tom: "If Ed is determined to get me, sooner or later, he's gonna get me. It's just a matter of time."

Lynette: "No, no! We are not backing down. I'm gonna walk over to Ed's office right now, and I'm gonna make very clear that if you're out the door, I'm right behind ya."

Tom: "We can't both be unemployed."

Lynette: "Oh, it'll never happen. He knows this place will go down like a house of cards without me."

Tom: "Honey, wait. Just wait!"

Lynette: "What, what?"

Tom: "I'm not gonna hide behind my wife's skirt."

Lynette: "We're a team. I'm just lending support."

Tom: "That's not the way it's gonna look to everybody else out there. Look, let me talk to him, man to man. If my way doesn't work, then we'll do it your way."

Lynette: "Okay, go get him."

Tom walks into Ed's office as Lynette watches. Ed gets out from behind his desk and talks with Tom. Tom punches Ed and knocks him down.

Lynette: "Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Tom, what happened?"

Tom: "I think I gave him just cause."

Susan's House

Susan is getting some stationary out.

"Susan knew she couldn't afford to keep the P.I. from revealing her affair with Karl and since Edie would learn the truth anyway, Susan felt it would be better if it came from her."

Susan begins writing 'Dear Edie' on the paper.

"Which is how she came to write a letter begging Edie for forgiveness."

Susan walks to a mailbox.

"Her words were so sincere and heartfelt, from the moment she mailed it, Susan knew..."

Susan throws the letter addressed to Edie into the mailbox. A horn honks and Edie waves as she drives by.

"...she was a dead woman."

Rottwater Lake - Daytime

Betty and Caleb are on a picnic by the lake. Caleb is eating from the pint of ice cream Betty packed.

Betty: "You know, Caleb, since the day you were born, I've always thought of you as a blessing. You do know that, right?"

Caleb: "I guess. How come Matty's not here?"

Betty: "Because this is our special day, just you and me."

Caleb: "Is he mad at me? 'Cause of Danielle?"

Betty: "No. He knows that you didn't mean to scare her."

Caleb: "'Cause he said it was okay for me to kiss her."

Betty: "What did you say?"

Caleb: "He said Danielle liked me and that she wouldn't fight me if I gave her a kiss."

Betty stops Caleb from eating the ice cream.

Betty: "Your brother told you that?"

Caleb: "Matty said that she was waiting for me and that she wanted a really big kiss."

Betty: "What else did your brother tell you?"

Xiao-Mei's Room

Xiao-Mei is lying on the bed. Gabrielle brings in some cocoa.

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei? I made you some hot cocoa. I guess the baby thing didn't really appeal to you, huh? I know it's a lot to ask, it's just, Carlos and I think of you as family. Don't you think of us as family?"

Xiao-Mei: "Oh, yes! You are like mother to me."

Gabrielle: "Mm hmm. Well, if we are so frigging close, what's the big deal? It's nine months out of your life."

Xiao-Mei: "I will be ruined."

Gabrielle: "Ruined?"

Xiao-Mei: "Down there."

Gabrielle: "Wait. Are you a virgin? Wow."

Xiao-Mei: "If I have baby, I will be shamed."

Gabrielle: "Are you kidding? No one cares about virginity in this country. It went out of style in the fifties, and trust me, honey, it ain't making a comeback. Seriously, no one cares."

Xiao-Mei: "Husband would care. No man want me if I ruined. I want husband so much."

Gabrielle: "Well, what kind of husband do you want? Do you want a rich husband? Well, then, rich men don't marry virgins for the same reasons they don't hire chauffeurs who can't drive. They value experience."

Xiao-Mei: "Really?"

Gabrielle: "Would I lie to family?"

Ed's Office - Nighttime

Lynette: "Here are the numbers you wanted."

Ed: "Lynette, wait. Have you heard from Tom?"

Lynette: "He's not answering his cell phone. But you don't have to worry, okay? You got what you wanted. He's out of the building."

Ed: "Come in here and close the door."

Lynette: "You sure? I might punch you, too."

Ed: "I'll take my chances."

Lynette: "If this is where you want me to apologize for my husband, I'm not gonna do it. Maybe he shouldn't have hit you, but you provoked him."

Ed: "Now wait a minute"

Lynette: "No! I am sorry, Tom gets punished because you can't deal with your screwed-up marriage. It is pathetic, Ed. If you had stood up to your wife in the first place, none of this -- what?"

Ed: "I love it. You're giving me crap about my marriage. You know what? Here! Oh, the forensic accountant found some interesting stuff in Tom's expense reports. Yeah, it seems on his last three trips east, he cashed in his first-class ticket and took a detour to Atlantic City."

Lynette: "What? That can't be right."

Ed: "Well, it's all there. Hotels, bar tabs. Oh, and on this page two tickets to a show. And flowers."

Lynette: "That doesn't make any sense. There's gotta be some kind of an explanation for this."

Ed: "Before you pass judgment on someone else's marriage, I'd clean up my own house first."

Bree's House

Bree, Peter, Andrew, and Justin are sitting at the table.

Bree: "Sorry, I don't know what's taking Danielle so long to get dressed."

Andrew: "Just give her a break, mom. I'm sure she's just trying to look nice for our company."

Peter: "Well, I hope she doesn't get too dressed up. I like people to be comfortable."

Danielle walks in wearing a skimpy dress.

Danielle: "Oh, I'm comfortable."

Bree: "Honey, what are you wearing?"

Danielle: "You got me this for Christmas. Don't you remember?"

Bree: "Yeah, I just, I'm worried you might be a little cold."

Danielle: "I think it's plenty warm in here. Don't you, Mr. McMillan?"

Peter: "Uh, sure."

Andrew: "Well, uh, we should probably start eating. We don't want our frittatas to get cold."

Bree: "Right. Good. Um, sorry. Everybody, dig in."

Peter: "Wow. Does anybody else think this salsa's a little too spicy?"

Danielle: "I always say, the hotter, the better."

Peter stares at Danielle and looks at her cleavage.

Andrew: "So, Mr. McMillan, I hear you went to Perkins College. I'm thinking about going there after I graduate."

Peter: "Uh, Perkins, huh? I was there. Yeah, I made it to every party, and I went to classes in my spare time. No, actually, it's a great college. I, I, I think you'd like it."

Bree puts her hand on Peter's knee under the table.

Bree: "Isn't this wonderful? Good food, pleasant conversation. This really is a very special night."

Danielle puts her hand on Peter's other knee under the table.

Danielle: "I feel the same way."

Andrew: "So, Peter, is it growing?"

Peter: "What?"

Andrew: "Uh, the campus. Has it grown at all since you've been there?"

Danielle raises her hand higher on Peter's leg.

Peter: "Um, yeah, it's, grown considerably."

Andrew: "I would just love to get my hands on a brochure."

Danielle raises her hand higher.

Peter: "The alumni association is always sending me stuff, you know. I'll, I'll get you something!"

Danielle's hand is almost to Peter's crotch. Peter jumps up.

Bree: "Oh, my god, are you okay?"

Peter: "I just remembered, you know, this guy I'm sponsoring, he said he needed to see me tonight, so I should go to him."

Bree: "Well, I guess that's important, so..."

Peter: "Yeah, so I should go. No need to show me out."

Bree: "What a shame. I really wanted him to have a chance to get to know you guys."

Danielle: "Don't worry, I, I think we made an impression."

Parcher & Murphy - Nighttime

Tom is in his office, packing a box.

Lynette: "Hey. Hey! I didn't know if you were coming back."

Tom: "I waited until the parking lot cleared."

Lynette: "So, um, what happened? You said you were just gonna go in there and talk to him."

Tom: "I know, I know. I know I shouldn't have hit him, but what's done is done."

Lynette: "Anything else going on?"

Tom: "Like what?"

Lynette: "I don't know. Anything you wanna talk about? 'Cause there's nothing you couldn't tell me. I would understand."

Tom: "No, I feel good about this. It's okay, 'cause I didn't fit in around here anyway. I'm gonna get another job someplace else. Everything's good. And you, I love."

Lynette: "I love you, too."

Tom walks to the elevator.

Lynette: "You know what's weird?"

Tom: "No, what?"

Lynette: "In all the years we have been married, I have never seen you lead with your fists."

Tom: "Well, maybe I still got some surprises in me."

Lynette: "Maybe you do."

The elevator door closes.

Betty's House

Betty walks in.

Matthew: "Is it done?"

Betty: "Mm hmm. We can mourn your brother later. Right now there are things that still need to be done."

Later, Matthew and Betty walk down the basement stairs.

Betty: "We need to get rid of everything. Mattress, clothes, all of it."

Betty and Matthew go to the basement. Matthew goes into Caleb's old locked room. Betty closes the door from the outside and locks it.

Matthew: "Mom, the, the door's locked."

Betty: "I know."

Matthew: "Mom, you need to open this door right now! Mom!"

Matthew bangs on the door. Betty walks away.

Outside Betty's House - Nighttime

Caleb is sitting in the car. He looks at the house, then turns and looks out the car window.

Gabrielle's House

Carlos comes downstairs in his robe.

Gabrielle: "Honey, why aren't you dressed yet? We have to be at the fertility clinic in forty minutes!"

Carlos: "Aw, shoot! Is that today?"

Gabrielle: "And, uh, give Xiao-Mei a kick in the pants. I haven't seen her all morning."

Carlos in the bathroom washing his hands. Xiao-Mei walks in wearing a bathrobe.

Carlos: "Hey. Today's the, uh, big day. You ready to, uh, make a baby?"

Xiao-Mei takes off the robe. She is naked. Carlos stares at her.

Xiao-Mei: "Ready."

She runs into the bedroom and gets into bed.

Xiao-Mei: "Please, be gentle."

She lifts the covers and as Carlos stares at her naked body, Gabrielle walks in. She is shocked to see a naked Xiao-Mei in their bed.

Gabrielle: "Honey, come on. We're gonna be late."

Carlos: "Hmm, ah. I think she's confused as to how we're gonna make this baby happen."

Gabrielle: "And were you planning on setting her straight?"

Carlos: "Next thing out of my mouth."

Bree's House

Andrew walks into Danielle's room.

Andrew: "Come on! The guy's ready to explode."

Danielle: "I don't care. I'm not sleeping with mom's boyfriend."

Andrew: "You can't back out now. You were great the other night. You got Peter on the hook. He's primed."

Danielle: "I was just messing with his head to get back at mom. That's all."

Andrew: "Yeah, but why stop there? She's keeping you from Matthew. Now, come on, she deserves this."

Danielle: "I am not that stupid. Go grind your own ax."

The doorbell rings.

Andrew: "That's him. I don't have time for this crap. Now strip down to your bra and panties now."

Danielle: "Get out of my room, you psycho!"

Andrew walks into the kitchen.

Andrew: "Um, my mom won't be back for a while, so you probably don't wanna wait around."

Peter: "Well, that's okay. I just wanted to make sure you got the Perkins catalog. Uh, your mom told me that you're going on a tour there tomorrow."

Andrew: "Yeah."

Peter: "You're gonna love it. The campus is beautiful, the teachers are amazing, and the student body is such a great mix. You know, they're all about diversity."

Andrew: "Whatever. All right, well, I'll let my mom know you stopped by."

Peter: "Okay. Andrew, I also wanted to apologize for leaving so fast the other night. I, I started to get the feeling that your sister was coming on to me, which was upsetting because"

Andrew: "You're a s*x addict?"

Peter: "Your mom told you about that?"

Andrew: "Let's just say the word's out. But, um, I'm curious, back in the day, what kind of stuff were you into?"

Peter: "I don't know that I wanna talk about that."

Andrew: "Well, I just wanna make sure you're not into anything too freaky. You know, I mean, you are dating my mom and I'm kinda protective of her."

Peter: "Well, you can relax. I mean, I wasn't some sort of pervert, you know. All I can say is, I went through a dark period and I slept with a whole lot of people."

Andrew: "People?"

Peter: "What's wrong?"

Andrew: "No, it's just that when most guys discuss their conquests, they don't say 'people.'"

Peter: "Oh, well..."

Andrew: "No, it's okay. I appreciate the fact that you value diversity."

Susan's House

Mike knocks on the door.

Susan: "Who is it?"

Mike: "Mike. Susan?"

Susan: "Hi. Sorry. I'm just on the lookout for Edie."

Mike: "Oh, well, you can relax. Edie won't be coming after you."

Susan: "Why?"

Mike: "I talked to the P.I. and he's not gonna tell her anything."

Susan: "What did you say?"

Mike: "I paid him off, so it's over. I just thought you should know."

Susan: "Well, wait. Why would you do that?"

Mike: "People just get hurt if it gets out. I didn't see the point."

As Mike walks away, Susan sees the mailman approaching. Susan gets some iced tea and goes outside just as the mailman is opening her mailbox.

Susan: "Hey there. You look thirsty."

Inside Susan's house, the mailman drinks the iced tea.

Gus: "This is really nice of you, Mrs. Mayer. To be honest with you, I wasn't even sure that you liked me."

Susan: "And you know why? Because we're all so busy and detached from each other. You're at my house every day and sure, we wave and we say hello, but we barely even know each other. How long have you been delivering my mail, for god's sake?"

Gus: "Three and a half weeks."

Susan: "Really? It seems like forever. Let me top you off."

Gus: "Oh, no, I couldn't. This is my third glass. I, seriously, I'm sloshin'."

Susan: "Well, you probably wanna use the bathroom before you leave, huh?"

Gus: "No, I'm good."

Susan: "Are you sure? Uh, I mean, you have such a long route, and that iced tea's gonna go right through you. It's better here than Mrs. McCluskey's hydrangeas."

Gus: "Well, you know, uh, maybe I will use your bathroom."

Susan: "Great! Oh, the one down here is broken. Why don't you use the one upstairs? It's right off my bedroom."

Gus: "Yeah. Okay. Got it."

Gus goes upstairs. Susan waits until he's out of sight, then goes through his mail sack and pulls out the letter she wrote to Edie. She breathes a sigh of relief. She tucks the letter into her own stack of mail and sits back down.

Fairview Fertility Clinic

Carlos: "I still can't believe it. I mean, why would Xiao-Mei just offer herself up to me like that?"

Gabrielle: "Well, honey, she's a virgin. Who knows why virgins do anything?"

Carlos: "She's a virgin? Are you serious?"

Gabrielle: "Yeah. I wouldn't just slam her for no reason."

Nurse: "Mr. Solis? It's time to collect your D.N.A."

Gabrielle: "Oh! Okay, honey, only good swimmers now."

Nurse: "If you like, we have a variety of magazines and videos available."

Carlos looks over at Xiao-Mei.

Carlos: "Mm, I think I'm good."

Susan's House

Susan is still sitting at her kitchen table waiting for Gus to come down.

Susan: "Gus? Are you okay up there?"

She goes upstairs and finds Gus lying on her bed while in his boxer shorts and undershirt.

Susan: "Gus!"

Gus: "Uh, do you want me to keep the hat on? I know it's a fantasy for some women."

Susan: "Uh."

Downstairs, Julie comes in. She sees the mail sack on the table.

Julie: "Mom? Is the mailman here?"

Susan ( to Gus ): "That's my daughter. Get dressed!"

Julie: "Mom?"

Susan: "Yes, honey. Gus, the mailman, is here! He's using the bathroom. He'll be down in a minute." (to Gus) "Oh! Darn it. Guess we'll have to take a rain check, huh?"

Gus: "I can come back on Tuesday."

Susan: "Tu-Tuesday? No, no, Tuesday's not good, 'cause Tuesday's the day I, um, become a lesbian."

Downstairs, Julie goes through the delivered mail. She finds the one addressed to Edie and puts it back into the mail sack before walking away.

Bree's House

Bree comes home and calls out.

Bree: "Andrew? Honey, where are you? I got your message. What's the emergency? Andrew? Andrew?"

Bree goes upstairs and finds Andrew in her bed.

Bree: "Andrew? Honey, what are you doing in my bed?"

Peter comes out of the bathroom wearing only a pair of boxer shorts.

Peter: "Have you seen my pants? I can't find..."

A shocked Bree looks at Andrew. He smiles.

Andrew: "Now we're even."

Outside Bree's House

Bree closes the trunk of her car as Andrew approaches.

Bree: "Did you forget that we're supposed to take that tour of Perkins college today?"

Andrew: "Seriously? After last night, I didn't exactly think you'd be too keen on sitting next to me in a car for three hours."

Bree: "Consider me a cheerleader for anything that expedites me getting you out from under my roof."

Andrew: "Glad we can come to an understanding."

Deserted Road

Bree's drives down the road. She stops at what looks like an abandoned gas station and turns off the engine.

Andrew: "Why'd we stop here? We have half a tank left."

Bree: "There's so many things I wanna say to you, Andrew. But mostly, I just want you to know how sorry I am."

Andrew: "Sorry for what?"

Bree: "Every child deserves to be loved unconditionally and I thought that was the kind of love that I had for you. Maybe if I had, it would've been different."

Andrew: "Why do I suddenly get the feeling we're not gonna make it out to Perkins College today?"

Bree gets out of the car and walks to the trunk. Andrew follows.

Andrew: "What are you doing?"

Bree: "I packed up some of your things. There's also, um, an envelope in here with some money and that should tide you over until you get a job."

Andrew: "What, you're gonna, you're gonna leave me out here in the middle of nowhere?"

Bree: "I noticed a bus stop about a mile back. You can go anywhere you want."

Andrew: "Mama, mom, please don't do this."

Bree: "I have to. I can't be around you anymore. I'm just not strong enough."

She starts to turn away from him.

Andrew: "You know what the good news is? I win."

Bree: "You win?"

Andrew: "I remember the look in your eyes when I told you I was gay and I knew that one day, you would stop loving me. So here we are. I was right. I, I win."

Bree: "Well, good for you."

Bree gets into the car, starts the engine, and drives away. In the rearview mirror, she sees Andrew standing all alone by the side of the road and she begins to cry.

Outside Edie's House - Nighttime

Edie comes out and gets her mail. She finds the letter Susan wrote and reads it. She crushes the envelope.

Mike's House - Nighttime

Susan: "Hi. I made you a thank-you pie, and by "made," I mean "bought.""

She walks into Mike's house.

Outside Susan's House

As Susan goes into Mike's house, Edie comes out of the bushes. She opens Susan's garage door, sprinkles gasoline all over the garage, goes inside, and pours gasoline all over the house then lights a match.

Mike's House

Susan is cutting a piece of pie for Mike.

Mike: "So, what exactly are you thanking me for?"

Susan: "For keeping Edie from smashing my face in. That's the nicest thing anybody ever did for me."

Mike: "Just trying to keep peace on the lane."

Susan: "Well, you keep telling yourself that. I know why you really paid that guy off. You still care about me."

Mike: "What?"

Susan: "You're always worried about Julie and me and you beat up my new boyfriend. And now you're protecting me from Edie. Do you know what all that means?"

Mike: "That you're high maintenance?"

Susan: "All right, you go ahead and be coy. Fine. I'll be the one to break the ice. I never stopped caring about you."

Mike: "That why you jumped in bed with Karl?"

Susan: "I would've never even gone there if I had thought there was a chance with us. You just closed the door so completely, I, ugh, can we just not talk about him? Have some more pie. I know you like pie. I know you like me. Listen, I'm not asking for us to get back together. I just want us to be friends."

Mike: "Susan?"

Susan: "Yes?"

Mike: "Your house is on fire."

They run out to Susan's burning house.

Susan: "My whole house is on fire!"

"When the truth is ugly, people try to keep it hidden, because they know if revealed, the damage it will do. So they conceal it within sturdy walls or they place it behind closed doors or they obscure it with clever disguises but truth, no matter how ugly, always emerges..."

A fire truck pulls up in front of Susan's house. Various neighbors watch as Susan's house burns.

"And someone we care about always ends up getting hurt."

Edie stands in her house, watching out her window while drinking a glass of wine.

"And someone else will revel in their pain and that's the ugliest truth of all."

Susan is rummaging through the remnants of her home. She finds a picture of Gabrielle, Bree, Mary Alice, Lynette, and herself in happy times.

"Susan Mayer had always believed the one thing about hard times is that you get to find out who your friends really are."

Flashback - Susan's House

Susan is sitting on her couch crying. Bree is standing next to her with a plate of cookies.

"When her grandmother died, it was Bree who brought homemade cookies."

Flashback - Susan's House

A depressed-looking Susan is reading the newspaper. Gabrielle is standing close by and a handsome, muscular man in a tank top is massaging Susan's shoulders.

"When the critics panned her third book, it was Gabrielle who hired the handsome masseur."

Flashback - Susan's House

Susan is reading her divorce degree. Lynette is pouring her a drink.

"When her divorce became final it was Lynette who poured the scotch."

Lynette takes the glass and hands Susan the bottle.

Present - Susan's Burnt House

Susan continues looking at the photo of her and the girls.

"Sadly, Susan's life had been shattered once again. But as always, her friends had come to help pick up the pieces."

Bree, Lynette, and Gabrielle are working around the damaged yard salvaging anything left.

Gabrielle: "Susan. We've all been talking. We've decided that you and Julie should stay with Bree."

Susan: "Oh thanks, but that's okay. We'll stay in a motel."

Bree: "Absolutely not. Just give me and hour or two to straighten up Andrew's room and then you can bring yourselves over."

Susan: "I don't deserve friends like you."

Lynette: "We're aware of that."

Orson comes out of the burnt house with a full trash bags.

Orson: "Susan, you're running low on trash bags. I'm gonna run to the store."

Susan: "Thanks. Orson, thanks for coming. You know you didn't have to do this."

Orson: "Hey, it's my pleasure."

Mike and Tom are working nearby. Mike overhears Orson and looks at him. Bud Penrod from Town and Country Insurance approaches Susan, handing her a card.

Bud: "Mrs. Mayer! Bud Penrod, Town and Country Insurance. The Can Do' people."

Susan: "Oh, it's nice to meet you."

Bud: "Yeah. Look at that. Well, that's no fun at all, is it?"

Susan: "No, no, it isn't. So, when am I gonna get the check 'cause I have a lot of rebuilding to do. I need to get started."

Bud: "Yeah, well I'm afraid that's going to be a while. You see, the fire department has ruled that this was arson."

Susan: "Arson?"

Bud: "Yeah, so we can't give you any money until we finish our investigation."

Susan: "Who would wanna burn down my house?"

Bud: "I don't know. Do you have any enemies?"

Susan: "No! No look, the whole neighborhood turned out to help. I'm very popular."

Bud: "And there's no one among them that wishes you ill?"

Susan: "Oh no! No, everybody's been very helpful. Everybody likes me. Absolutely...."

Susan looks down Wisteria Lane. Edie is standing across the street eating a popsicle with a smug look on her face, staring at Susan. Susan freezes.

Susan: "...everyone."

"Yes, hard times were what Susan used to distinguish who was a friend and who wasn't."

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

"Not everyone enjoys being a small part of a large community."

Wisteria Lane Park

A bees nest is in the tree.

"Indeed, some yearn to leave the stress and noise of constant companionship behind them."

One lone bee flies from the nest toward Wisteria Lane.

"So they strike out on their own, hoping their solitude will bring a little peace and quiet."

The bee flies toward Felicia, who is raking her yard.

"It's only then they discover how dangerous it is..."

Felicia knocks the bee to the ground and crushes it with her foot.

"..to be alone in the world."

Felicia looks next door and sees Zach taking out the trash. She pulls off her gloves and hurries over to Paul's house, going in through the back door.

In the kitchen, she begins searching the kitchen cupboards and drawers. In one of the cupboards, she finds various keys hanging on a hook, all neatly labeled, and she takes the key marked "house."

Paul: "Zach! Did you get the trash?"

Upon hearing Paul's voice, Felicia grabs a bag of flour out of the cupboard just as Paul walks into the kitchen.

Paul: "How'd you get in here?"

Felicia: "Hiya. Paul. I stood at the back door shouting and shouting. Were you in the little boys room?"

Paul: "I'm calling the police."

Felicia: "No need, I just needed to borrow some flour. I'm a little bit psychic and I predict fresh baked cookies in your future."

Zach walks in just as Felicia walks out.

Felicia: "Zachary."

Zach: "What'd she want?"

Paul: "She was in the cupboard. Get a trash bag. We're throwing everything away."

Zach: "You think she was trying to poison us?"

Paul: "All I know is, we're eating out tonight."

Edie's House

Edie is changing a light bulb on the front porch when Susan approaches.

Edie: "What do you want?"

Susan: "Uh, this is a little awkward and I apologize in advance for how this is gonna sound, but um...by any chance, did you burn down my house?"

Edie: "Yes."

Susan: "What?"

Edie: "Yes, I burnt down your house, you sleazy little whore."

Susan: Edie! Why would you do that?"

Edie: "Can you blame me after sending me that acid letter?"

Susan: "Letter? What letter?"

Edie: "The one where you admitted to stabbing me in the back by sleeping with Karl."

Susan: "You weren't supposed to get that! I stole that back from the mailman."

Edie: "So, you were trying to hide the truth from me?"

Susan: "This is not what we should focus on right now. The point is you maliciously set fire to my house!"

Edie: "Look, I admit I might have overreacted a tad."

Susan: "A tad? Edie, I have no roof! You can't just go around burning down people's homes!"

Edie: "Why not? You burnt down my home! You stole Mike from me! You slept with my fianc! That's the trifecta! You're lucky I didn't torch your car!"

Susan: "That's it! I'm going to the police and I'm telling them what you did!"

Edie: "Did what? I didn't do anything."

Susan: "Wha-? You just confessed!"

Edie: "No, I didn't. Did anyone else hear me confess? Hello? Hello? No witnesses. No evidence. No confession. I guess we're done here. You can go home now. Oh wait, that's right, you don't have one."

Gabrielle's House

Xiao-Mei is serving lunch to Carlos and Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "No, no, Xiao-Mei, I've told you a million times. No red meat for Mr. Solis!"

Carlos: "My triglycerides are through the roof."

Gabrielle: "Sweetie, I need some more cream."

Xiao-Mei gets the cream and leans over to put some in Gabrielle's coffee. She looks nauseous.

Carlos: "Xiao-Mei, what's wrong?"

Xiao-Mei: "She smell."

Carlos: "Who smells? Gaby?"

Gabrielle: "Excuse me, what?"

Xiao-Mei: "Her perfume make me sick."

Gabrielle: "Honey, it's a hundred bucks an ounce. That tends to make everyone a little nauseous."

Carlos: "Xiao-Mei, your boobs, are they tender?"

Xiao-Mei: "Mm hmm."

Gabrielle: "Carlos! Her boobs are none of your business!"

Carlos: "Gaby, think. She's sensitive to smell, nauseous, and has swollen breasts!"

Gabrielle grabs Carlos' hand and smiles.

Doctor's Office

Gabrielle is still holding Carlos hand. Xiao-Mei is lying on an examination table. The doctor enters.

Doctor: "Well, I just ran her blood work. Looks like the insemination was successful."

Gabrielle: "Oh!"

Carlos: "Oh my gosh!"

Carlos grabs Gabrielle and lifts her up.

Carlos: "We're gonna have a baby!"

Gabrielle: "Oh."

Doctor: "You should know that since she's experiencing early symptoms, this might be a tough pregnancy for her."

Carlos: "Not a problem. We are gonna treat her like a queen!"

Gabrielle: "Absolutely. You have nothing to worry about here."

Gabrielle runs over and hugs Carlos and Xiao-Mei.

Gabrielle: "Oh!"

Xiao-Mei: "Oh, Mrs. Solis, you smell."

Gabrielle: "Oh, yeah, okay, sorry."

Carlos keeps hugging Xiao-Mei as Gabrielle looks on.

Bree's House

Bree is cleaning out Andrew's room.

Bree: "I think it's going to be a kick having Susan and Julie stay with us. It'll be like living in a sorority. We'll stay up late and we'll gossip and make s'mores. Doesn't that sound like fun?"

Danielle: "Why are you pretending to be happy? I heard you walking around your room all night long. Crying."

Bree: "I don't want to talk about it."

Danielle: "Look, I know why you're worried, but Andrew can take care of himself. And if he can't, he shouldn't have run away in the first place."

Bree: "You know what? Maybe Andrew leaving will be good for us. You are all I have left and I am going to be the best mother that I can be."

Danielle: "There's definitely room for improvement. It's just you kind of forgot my birthday."

Bree: "What?"

Danielle: "Yeah, it was six weeks ago."

Bree: "Oh my god, Danielle. I am so sorry!"

Danielle: "It's okay, you had a lot going on. I mean, Andrew was suing you and you were pretty wasted that month."

Bree: "Honey, you gotta let me make it up to you. I, I am going to throw you a birthday party with all your friends, okay?"

Danielle: "That could be cool. You know what else I'd like?"

Bree: "Name it, it's yours."

Danielle: "I want Andrew's room. You said he's probably not coming back and I could really use the extra closet space."

Bree: "But, sweetheart, this is, this is his room."

Danielle: "Mom, you forgot my birthday. You're really in no position to negotiate."

Bree: "Honey, where am I going to put all of his things? And you know, he might come back at some point."

Danielle: "He won't. Like you said, I'm all you have left."

Lynette's House

Tom is packing in the bedroom.

Lynette: "Atlantic City?"

Tom: "Yeah, it's last minute, but Jerry got a great deal on a suite at one of the casinos and a bunch of the old gang is coming in from New York and, god, it's been forever since I have been so, how could I turn that down?"

Lynette: "Yeah, how indeed."

Tom: "What?"

Lynette: "I didn't say anything."

Tom: "No, but you have that look. Something wrong?"

Lynette: "No! Except that I know you've been to Atlantic City three times in the last month without telling me. Ed found the receipts when he did the office audit. Other than that, no, nothing wrong."

Tom laughs.

Lynette: "Tom, it would be better for your general well-being if you did not laugh at this moment in time."

Tom: "Am I going to have to ruin the surprise? Because it's a really good surprise."

Lynette: "I'm thinking yeah, ruin it."

Tom: "I have been going to Atlantic City for business. I am up for a top spot with Jerry's firm, Huffington Promotions. And if you don't believe me, you can call the CEO himself."

He goes to his bag and hands Lynette a business card.

Lynette: "I am so happy. And I'm so relieved."

She puts the card on the bedframe before hugging Tom.

Tom: "Did you think I was cheating?"

Lynette: "No! Absolutely not!"

Tom: "Lynette?"

Lynette: "No! Okay a little bit. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Ed found receipts for flowers and theatre tickets. I mean, by the way, did you..."

Tom: "Jerry and I went to a show and the flowers were for Milt's wife."

Lynette: "I knew that. You didn't have to tell me that. Why did you buy flowers for Milt's wife?"

Tom: "Lynette?"

Lynette: "Sorry, stop, done talking. That's fantastic! I love you!"

Tom: "I love you."

Lynette starts to leave the room and turns back to say something. She freezes as Tom carefully picks up the business card off the bed frame and tucks it back into his suitcase.

Gabrielle's House - Morning

Gabrielle comes downstairs. Carlos is vacuuming and Xiao-Mei is sitting on the couch.

Gabrielle: "Carlos! What's going on?"

Carlos: "Xiao-Mei is feeling under the weather, so I took up the vacuuming."

Gabrielle: "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. So, uh, did you move my beauty products? They're not in the bathroom."

Xiao-Mei points to the table behind Gabrielle. There is a plastic box filled with goods.

Gabrielle: "Why in the hell?"

Carlos: "I forgot to tell you. Ah, you can't use that stuff anymore. It really triggers Xiao-Mei's morning sickness."

Gabrielle: "All of it? Even my hair palmade?"

Xiao-Mei: "It gives me stomach ache."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, well it gives me volume, so I guess we're both gonna have a problem."

Carlos: "Do you have to be so high-maintenance?"

Gabrielle: "You married a model, Carlos. Maintenance is my only skill!"

Xiao-Mei: "Please, no fight. If Mrs. Solis smell bad, I be okay."

Gabrielle: "Fine, I'll learn to live without product. But when my hair starts smelling like hair, I don't want to hear a word."

Bree's House

Danielle comes downstairs to find Bree working in the living room on two large balloon displays configuring the number seventeen.

Bree: "Surprise!"

Danielle: "What the hell is that?"

Bree: "Isn't it darling? I made it for your party. It's a big one and a big seven, for seventeen!"

Danielle: "Were you up all night making that thing?"

Bree: "Yeah, I just wasn't tired. Oh, I want to show you what else I planned. I think you're gonna love it."

She hands Danielle some fliers.

Danielle: "You got a Fajita Bar and a juggler?"

Bree: "Now relax, he's a very hip juggler. He only performs to Beatles songs and I saw the video and it's absolutely thrilling."

Danielle: "Mom, I don't want any of this stuff. It's not even my real birthday."

Bree: "Danielle, I just want you to have the best party you have ever had in your entire life!"

Danielle: "I just want a few friends to come over and hang out. You can make a cake but giant balloon numbers? I mean, come on, they would all make fun of me."

Bree: "Oh. Okay."

Bree picks up a pair of scissors. She begins stabbing all the balloons, popping them.

Danielle: "Is that really necessary?"

Bree: "Honey, I can't possibly put it in the garbage as is!"

Danielle walks upstairs as Susan comes downstairs.

Danielle: "It's just another morning at the Van de Kamps."

Susan sees Bree stabbing the balloons.

Bree: "Oh Susan, did I wake you?"

Susan: "Uh, no, no, I was up."

Bree: "I'm sorry about the noise, it's just that Danielle doesn't want the balloons and I'm a little pressed for time."

Susan: "Bree, are you okay?"

Bree: "She said she doesn't want balloons. I'm fine."

Bree continues stabbing at the balloons as Susan backs away.

Betty's House

Matthew is banging on the locked door of the basement. Betty is sitting on a chair outside the door.

Matthew: "Mom. Look, I know you're out there. Please, just talk to me. Mom, I need something to drink. Just some water, some juice, something, anything, please." (he bangs on the door) "Mom! You want me to say I set Caleb up. Yeah, I did it. I started thinking about all those years, years that we had to take care of him and I just thought maybe once he was gone, we could have a normal life. And I'm sorry. But Mom, you have got to let me out of here, now!"

Betty gets up. With a crowbar, she bangs on the door.

Betty: "You! You were willing to stand by and let me murder your brother without reason. It's an unforgivable betrayal! I am so consumed with rage, it's best you stay in there because if I let you out, I don't know what I might do to you!"

She throws the crowbar to the ground.

Mike's House

Mike answers his phone.

Mike: "Hello?"

Susan, on the other end, is looking at a package.

Susan: "I need Edie to spill her guts. What do you know about wearing a wire?"

Later, Mike has the recorder and is explaining it to Susan

Mike: "Do you see the little red light?"

Susan: "Mm."

Mike: "It's all voice activated, so if the lights on, you're recording. Uh, let me show you how to tape it on."

Susan: "Oh, okay."

Mike lifts Susan's shirt.

Mike: "Sorry if my hands are cold."

Susan: "Uh, no, that's okay, they're fine."

Mike kneels behind Susan with some tape.

Mike: "So, are you sure you wanna do this?"

Susan: "Yeah, I'm sorta up against the wall and the insurance company needs proof fast. Things are sort of weird at Bree's. I don't wanna overstay my welcome."

Mike: "Well, if things get tough, you can always stay here." (into the microphone) "Testing, testing."

Susan: "I'm sorry, did you just invite me to move in with you?"

Mike: "Well, you and Julie, in the spare bedroom."

Susan: "Oh."

Mike: "You, you've been saying how you wanna be friends again and you're right. There's no reason we can't be friends."

Susan: "You sure that won't put a crimp in your, uh, dating life? You know that girl you were at the movies with."

Mike: "No, that was a one time thing. What about that guy, though, Orson?"

Susan: "Yeah, he just heard about the fire and came over to help. We're friends."

Mike: "Oh. So, neither of us is dating anybody."

Susan: "Guess not."

They smile at each other.

Fairview Airport

Lynette, Mrs. McCluskey, and the kids are at the airport.

Lynette: "I got my boarding pass."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Do what you need to do and don't worry about them kids. I'll keep 'em out of trouble."

Lynette: "Is this crazy? Following Tom across the country just to spy on him. If he knew I was doing this...God, I don't think I can go through with this."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Now look. There's probably nothing going on, but you need to know the truth."

Lynette: "Do I? I mean I'm happy, I mean I was. Why don't I just look the other way and pretend nothing's wrong? Lots of people can do that."

Mrs. McCluskey: "Well, we both know you're not one of them."

Lynette: "And what if I see him with another woman? What then?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "I own a gun."

Bree's House

All of Danielle's friends are there for her birthday. Music plays in the living room as everyone talks. Julie gets up and walks into the kitchen. Bree is icing a birthday cake.

Julie: "You okay in there?"

Bree: "Fine, why?"

Julie: "It's just people have been asking about the cake and you've been icing it for over an hour."

Bree: "Well, I just keep messing it up. I don't know what's wrong with me."

Julie: "You're probably just tired. My mom and I heard you up all night."

Bree: "Oh, it just keeps coming out too thick."

Bree begins scraping icing off the cake with a knife.

Julie: "You know people aren't going to care if the icing isn't perfect."

Bree: "People care about details."

Bree begins scraping icing off with her hand.

Bree: "Someday when Danielle looks back I want her to remember just how perfect her cake looked and how hard her mother worked to make her happy. This cake is a symbol of my love!"

Julie: "Well, it looks delicious."

As Julie walks out, Bree scrapes more icing off with her hand.

Later, guests are singing "Happy Birthday" in the living room as Bree carries in the cake lit with candles.

Guests: "Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Danielle..."

Bree sets the cake down.

Bree: "Stop! One of the candles went out! Um, we're going to have to do this all over again! I'm sorry, I'll be right back!"

Bree runs toward the kitchen.

Danielle: "Um, mom, it's all right!"

Bree: "Sweetheart, this is your special day. All of your candles should be lit. It will just take me two seconds."

All the guests watch as Bree runs into the kitchen.

Julie: "Is she serious?"

Danielle: "Welcome to my own private hell."

One of the guests, Barbie, goes up to the cake and scoops some of the icing off and licks it.

Barbie: "That is some serious frosting."

Bree: "All righty!"

She walks to the cake with the lighter. She sees the missing scoop of frosting. She glares at each of the guests, who all look frightened. As she pans the room her look stops at a heavyset young lady.

Bree: "Who touched this?"

Danielle: "Mom, what does it matter? It's just a little frosting."

Bree: "Someone ruined your cake and I want to know who could be that thoughtless."

Bree turns and points her finger at the guests.

Bree: "Was it you? Or you? Who was it?"

Danielle: "Mom! Please, you're embarrassing me!"

Bree: "You!"

She points at the heavyset girl.

Bree: "You look like a girl who enjoys her frosting!"

Heavyset Girl: "No, no I didn't touch it!"

Danielle: "It's just a cake, for god's sakes! Will you please just cut it!"

Barbie: "Mrs. Van de Kamp..."

Bree: "Open your mouth, I want to smell your breath!"

Heavyset Girl: "It wasn't me! It was Barbie!"

Bree: "Barbie!"

Barbie backs up, knocking the cake to the ground.

Bree: "What the hell is wrong with you! Now it's ruined. Everything is ruined!"

Bree looks around the room. She sees all of the frightened faces and Danielle is on the verge of tears. Danielle runs from the room, crying.

Bree: "Um, you can just leave that there and I'll, um, clean it up later."

She walks out of the room.


Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle walks into her bedroom to find Xiao-Mei in her bed.

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei, what are you doing in our bed?"

Carlos comes out of the bathroom brushing his teeth.

Carlos: "I said she could sleep in there from now on. It's got the bathroom. You know in case she gets sick in the middle of the night."

Gabrielle: "Well, what's wrong with the guest bathroom?"

Carlos: "It's too far away."

Gabrielle: "It's right down the hall!"

Carlos: "Gaby, she needs her rest. And besides, that bed is much more comfortable than the one in the guest room."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, I know, that's why I had the movers put it in here, where we sleep!"

Xiao-Mei gets out of the bed.

Xiao-Mei: "Maybe I go to my bed."

Gabrielle: "Yes, Xiao-Mei, that would be good."

Xiao-Mei starts walking out, then stops and grabs her stomach and covers her mouth with her hand.

Xiao-Mei: "Oh, oh!"

Holding her hand over her mouth, she hurries toward their bathroom.

Gabrielle: "Fine, you can use our toilet."

Later, Gabrielle and Carlos are sleeping in a twin bed in the guest room. Gabrielle is squirming around.

Gabrielle: "Ow, Carlos stop kicking me!"

Carlos: "I'm just trying to get comfortable."

Gabrielle: "In a twin? Good luck! I want my bed back!"

Carlos: "We'll go buy a nice big one tomorrow and put it in here, okay?"

Gabrielle: "That is not the point. We are a week into this pregnancy and you are already putting Xiao-Mei's needs before mine."

Carlos: "Well, she's the priority now. She's the mother of my child."

Gabrielle: "Like hell she is! That is my egg!"

Carlos: "You know what I mean. She's the..."

Gabrielle: "Oven, Carlos, the oven! A well-cared for, well-paid oven!"

Carlos: "It came out wrong, I'm sorry, okay? Now, can we just get some sleep?"

Gabrielle tosses and turns in the bed. Carlos turns and knocks Gabrielle out of bed.

Gabrielle: "Oww!"

Carlos: "Babe, I'm sorry, I swear, I swear I didn't mean to. My leg just cramped up."

Gabrielle grabs a pillow and walks out, slamming the door behind her.

Carlos: "Where are you going? That's my pillow. Good night!"

Outside Betty's House - Nighttime

Danielle is calling from the yard.

Danielle: "Matthew!"

She goes around the side of the house and opens the trap door that leads to the basement. Matthew, inside the locked room in the basement, hears footsteps.

Matthew: "Mom, come on."

Danielle: "Oh my god, what are you doing in there?"

Matthew: "Danielle, is that you? My mom found out what we did to Caleb. She flipped out and locked me in here."

Danielle: "Don't worry, I'll get you out."

Matthew: "Be really careful okay, please, okay. I've never seen her like this before. She seriously lost it this time."

Danielle: "I know a little something about psycho moms. Trust me, I'll be fine."

Bree's House - Nighttime

Bree is on the floor, cleaning up the cake. Susan comes home and sees her.

Susan: "Hey. Cleaning up after the big party?"

Bree: "Yeah."

Susan: "You know, it's late. Why don't you, uh, go to bed and, you know, let Julie and I help you in the morning?"

Bree: "No, it's okay. I can't sleep anyway."

Susan: "Are you okay?"

Bree: "I take it you heard what happened."

Susan: "Yeah, when you flip out in front of the pep squad, word travels fast."

Bree: "It was the oddest sensation. I was fine and everything was fine and then suddenly I was on the outside of my body watching a woman who looked like me becoming a raving maniac."

Susan: "Bree, I'm worried about you. Do you, do you think that you should see someone?"

Bree: "Oh, no, I'm fine. I'm tired, that's all. I just need a long rest and then I'm gonna be a good as new."

Susan: "Okay, then why don't you stop and go to bed."

Bree: "Because, um, I can't sleep just yet."

Susan: "Why not?"

Bree: "Because when I sleep, I dream. And when I dream I keep seeing Andrew's face in that rearview mirror."

Susan: "Okay, what are you talking about?"

Bree: "Andrew, um, didn't run away. I, um, dropped him off in the middle of nowhere, told him that I couldn't be around him anymore and then, I drove off. So, I just need a little time to forget what I've done and then I can sleep again."

Susan: "Hey. You know, I am not even tired. So, why don't I stay up and help you?"

Bree: "That would be nice."

Susan puts on gloves and they scrub together.

Atlantic City - Valleta Hotel

Lynette is sitting in her rental car outside the hotel. She sees Tom come out of the entrance and hand the valet a parking ticket. Tom puts his cell phone to his ear. Lynette's cell phone rings. She answers.

Lynette: "Hello."

Tom: "Hey, you. How are you doing?"

Lynette: "Hey. Great, great! How's Atlantic City? Are you, uh, winning some money?"

Tom: "Oh, I'm about even. Actually I'm headed back into the casino right now to try my luck again."

Lynette: "Yeah? You're quite a gambler. Where's Jerry?"

Tom: "Jerry? He's right here. Hey, honey, how are the kids?"

Lynette: "Great, great. They're in the day care room. I'm looking at 'em right now."

Tom: "Hey, why don't you walk in there and, um, put them on the phone with me so I can say hi."

Lynette: "Okay, sure. First, can I talk to Jerry?"

Tom: "Why do you want to talk to Jerry?"

Lynette: "Oh, just, you know, say hello. It's been a long time."

All of a sudden, the car alarm on the car parked behind Lynette goes off. Lynette jumps. Tom looks around, and Lynette scoots down even lower into the car.

Tom: "Wow, man, that is weird. Can you hear, do you hear that car alarm?"

Lynette: "Uh, no."

Tom: "That is strange, because I can hear it here and through the phone."

Lynette: "Whoa, that's weird, kinda feedback." (the alarm stops) "You know, physics can be spooky that way. Listen I gotta go, I gotta go. Ed is talking to me and, um, I'll call you back later?"

Tom: "Um, okay."

Lynette: "'Kay, bye."

Tom: "Bye, honey."

The valet pulls up with Tom's car. Tom drives off and Lynette follows him.

Felicia's House

Felicia is on the phone in her kitchen.

Operator: "Nine-one-one. Is this an emergency?"

Felicia: "I think so. My neighbor, Paul Young, has been threatening me."

Felicia is pumping her blood from her arm into a bag while she talks.

Operator: "Is he there right now?"

Felicia: "No."

Operator: "Ma'am, until he actually does something, there's nothing we can do."

Felicia: "Well, I won't live in fear anymore. If you people refuse to confront him, I guess I'll just have to do it myself."

Felicia hangs up the phone and continues pumping her blood. When she's done, she opens her refrigerator where there are several bags of her blood stored.

Outside Edie's House

Susan turns on the recorder under her shirt and knocks on Edie's door. Edie answers the door eating a bag of popcorn. She tries to slam the door. Susan holds the door.

Susan: "No, Edie, wait! Um, I don't want to fight. I know that we've had our differences, but you know we had a friendship going there and I just think we owe it to ourselves to talk about what happened."

Edie: "What's there to talk about? It happened." (she chews the popcorn as she talks) "I walked down to your house. I had this watering can."

Susan: "What?"

Edie ( muffled ): "I filled it with gasoline and boom! Laughed my ass off."

Susan: "Okay, wait, could you just swallow. 'Cause I couldn't really hear what you were saying."

Edie: "Well, that was basically it. One of the best days of my life."

Susan: "Well see you were chewing and so I didn't really hear what you said. Could you just say it again?"

Edie: "I burnt your house down and it was great. What do you want?"

Susan: "So, uh, you then admit burning down my house. On purpose."

Susan moves closer to Edie. Edie looks at Susan suspiciously.

Edie: "You're wearing a wire, aren't you?"

Susan: "Huh?"

Edie: "Open that blouse!"

Susan: "What? No!"

Edie: "Open that blouse!"

Edie rips open Susan's blouse and sees the microphone. Susan runs.

Edie: "Ahhhhh! You can't outrun me, Mayer. I'm in the best shape of my life!"

Susan: "Oh good. Then you'll be prime meat picking when you go to jail!!"

Edie: "You bitch!"

Susan: "Bite me!"

Wisteria Lane Park

Mrs. McCluskey emptying her trash hears/sees them. Susan trips in the park, dropping the tape recorder. Edie grabs it and they fight as Mrs. McCluskey watches.

Susan: "No, give it! No!"

Edie tries to run as Susan grabs her leg. Edie falls. Her head hit the tree with the bee nest. The bees begin to stir.

Edie: "What the hell?"

Susan sees the bees and backs away as Edie, covered in bees, continues to bat the bees away.

Atlantic City - Nighttime

Lynette has followed Tom to a house in the suburbs. She parks out front as Tom goes inside. Lynette gets out of the car and sneaks up to the window. She sees a pretty young woman hand Tom a glass of wine. She walks right up to the front door and watches through the window as Tom follows the young woman upstairs. Later, she sits in the rental car, covers her face with her hands and slowly shakes her head.

Gabrielle's House - Morning

Gabrielle wakes up on the couch.

"Nine months of long nights on the couch loomed before Gabrielle."

Later, Gabrielle is in the garage with her beauty products and a large sprayer. She starts pouring the products into the sprayer.

"And she had decided she would not take it lying down. So, she dipped into her supply of forbidden perfumes..."

Later, Gabrielle closes the window in her bedroom.

"...determined that that in this battle..."

Gabrielle pumps the sprayer. She sprays all around the bedroom.

"...she would be the one to come out smelling like a rose."

Gabrielle walks out of the bedroom with the sprayer and Xiao-Mei walks toward the bedroom.

Xiao-Mei: "I think I take nap now."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, sure. Knock yourself out."

Gabrielle watches as Xiao-Mei goes into the bedroom and closes the door. Xiao-Mei screams, then comes running out, holding her hand over her mouth. She runs into the guest bathroom past a smiling Gabrielle.

Lynette's House - Daytime

Tom comes in. No lights are on. The house is quiet.

Tom: "Honey? Boys? Anybody home?"

Outside Mrs. McCluskey's House - Daytime

Mrs. McCluskey is trimming the hedge with hedge clippers as Tom walks up.

Tom: "Hey. Mrs. McCluskey, excuse me. You haven't seen Lynette around, have you? She's not a home, she's not answering her cell phone."

Mrs. McCluskey: "She packed up the kids and the puppy and left."

Tom: "Packed them up? Why?"

Mrs. McCluskey: "She followed you to Atlantic City. She knows about your other woman. Boy, you're just lucky you're not my husband."

She snaps the clippers in front of Tom.

Fairview Hospital

Susan enters a room where a very, very swollen Edie is lying in bed.

Susan: "Hi."

Edie moans.

Susan: "Okay, first let me say I'm really sorry about the yellow jackets. And also, no matter how mad I am about what I did, I don't want to see you go to prison. So, I came up with the solution. Why don't you just come forward and tell the police that you saw some vagrant lurking by my garage with a can of gasoline. And if you do that then I'll destroy the tape. And then the insurance company will pay the claim. Nobody gets hurt. Does that sound good?"

Edie: "Come closer."

Susan: "Oh, ah."

Edie: "Take your stinking deal and shove it!"

Susan: "Edie!"

Edie: "Every time something bad happens to me you're standing nearby. Well, I've had it! No more pretending to be friends. When I get out of here, I'm gonna destroy you!"

Susan: "Okay, I'm just gonna think that this is the meds talking and I'll come back tomorrow."

Edie: "Don't bother!"

Susan: "Okay, Edie. I'm in trouble here."

Edie: "Oh, I'm sure you'll turn on the waterworks and the whole neighborhood'll come running. They always do."

Susan: "That's not true!"

Edie: "Sure it is! You never miss an opportunity to play the victim! And you think just because everybody always comes to your rescue, it means that you're loved. Well, it doesn't. It means that you're helpless. Now get out. Just get out."

Outside Mike's House

Mike comes outside as Susan pulls into Bree's driveway.

Mike: "Hey, there."

Susan: "Hi."

Mike: "So you, uh, given any thought to staying at my place?"

Susan: "Oh yeah, that. Um, look, I really appreciate the offer, but I think I'm gonna have to pass."

Mike: "Really."

Susan: "Yeah, I think it's best. I don't want to get a rep around here for being a charity case."

Mike: "Well, I didn't mean it that way. Just, uh, one friend helping out another."

Susan: "I know, but I can figure this out on my own. At least I'm gonna try. You know, I'm stronger than people give me credit for. I really am."

Mike: "Well, if there's anything I can do."

Susan: "You know what would be nice? Why don't you just stop over for coffee some time."

Mike: "Okay."

Susan: "I mean that is, after I get running water and electricity again. And a coffee maker."

They smile at each other.

Gabrielle's House - Nighttime

Carlos, in his pajamas, opens the bedroom window.

Carlos: "I hope you're happy. That poor girl can hardly even come upstairs now because of you."

Carlos waves the air out of the room with a pillow.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, stop with the dance. It's already in the wallpaper."

Carlos: "I swear, if anything happens to that kid because of you..."

Gabrielle: "Oh, it's perfume, not toxic gas."

Carlos: "Why are you acting this way?"

Gabrielle: "Because I see the writing on the wall and it scares the hell out of me."

Carlos: "Meaning what?"

Gabrielle: "From the second Xiao-Mei got pregnant, you have found a million and one ways to tell me that that baby is more important to you than me."

Carlos: "Oh, come on, Gaby."

Gabrielle: "No. Men can't help it. When they become fathers, they become lousy husbands. And some wives don't mind, but you didn't marry one of those women."

Carlos: "I don't think I can sleep in here tonight. The air is just a little too toxic."

Later, Carlos is scrunched up on the couch watching TV. Xiao-Mei enters with a plate of food.

Xiao-Mei: "She kick you out too?"

Carlos: "Marriage is complicated, Xiao-Mei. You'll find that out some day. Feel like watching some trashy American TV?"

Carlos sits up and pats the couch next to him. Xiao-Mei sits.

Xiao-Mei: "I made you sandwich. Roast beef."

Carlos: "Oh, Gaby's got me on this health kick thing. She'll kill me if I eat red meat."

Xiao-Mei: "I will not tell."

Carlos bites into the sandwich.

Xiao-Mei: "Taste good?"

Carlos: "Real good."

Betty's House

Betty comes downstairs to the basement carrying a tray.

Betty: "Matthew, wake up, I have your breakfast. I might be furious with you, but never let it be said that I'm cruel."

Betty takes the key off the tray and unlocks the large lock on the door.

Betty: "I advise you not to charge this door because I am not in the mood for any unpleasantness. Matthew? Matthew?"

She hears something behind her. Danielle runs out with a crowbar and hits Betty on the head. Betty falls to the ground.

Danielle opens the door. Matthew sees his mother lying on the floor.

Matthew: "Geez, Danielle, I thought you were just gonna steal the key."

Danielle: "Let's just get out of here."

Matthew grabs the gun off the tray and runs out. Betty, lying on the floor, opens her eyes.

Bree's House

Bree walks into Danielle's room carrying a laundry basket. She finds a note on the bed and reads it.

Danielle's Voice: "Mother, Matthew and I are running away together and we're never coming back. If you want me to be happy, you won't try to find us."

Later, in her own bedroom, Bree is packing a suitcase.

Danielle's Voice: "Living in that house with you was like being in a prison. You drove me to do this, so I hope you blame yourself."

Fairview Medows Psychiatric Hospital

Bree is rolling her suitcase into the building.

Danielle's Voice: "Have a nice life. Danielle."

Bree walks up to the reception desk.

Bree: "Hello. My name is Bree Van de Kamp and I'd like to admit myself for psychiatric observation."

Receptionist: "All right, what seems to be the problem?"

Bree: "I think I'm about to have a nervous breakdown."

Paul's House - Nighttime

Paul walks into the kitchen and slips, falling to the floor.

Paul: "Damn it!"

He turns on the light. Blood is all over his hands.

Paul: "What the hell?"

He looks down and sees a trail of blood leading to the garage. He follows the trail and goes into the garage.

Paul: "That psychotic bitch!"

He enters the garage and turns on the light, noticing a trail of blood leading to the back of his car. A police siren blares and a police car pulls up in front of the garage.

Later, the officers question Paul.

Paul: "There was no confrontation. Felicia Tilman's the one who made the call. She's the anonymous tip. Let's just go over there right now. I guarantee you the woman is having a cocktail, laughing her ass off!"

Sergeant: "You're not going anywhere yet, Sir."

The other officer searches the garage. He finds a bloody saw wrapped up in a bloody towel.

Paul: "Yes, I know there's blood everywhere. She probably got it from a pig, so she could vandalize everything I own!"

The officer looks in the back of the SUV.

Officer: "Sarge."

The Sergeant looks in the back of the SUV.

Paul: "What is it?"

Sergeant: "Put your hands where I can see 'em."

Paul, with hands raised, looks in the back of the SUV. Lying in the trunk is lots of blood and two bloody fingers.

Paul: "Man, she's good."

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

The officers are arresting Paul, putting him in the car.

"It's a shocking moment for each of us. That moment we realize we are all alone in this world."

Lynette's House - Nighttime

Tom is sitting alone in the dark.

"The family we take for granted could one day abandon us."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is reading a magazine in the living room while Carlos and Xiao-Mei play a chess game behind her.

"The husband we trust so implicitly might betray us."

Fairview Meadows Psychiatric Hospital

Bree is lying on a bed in a fetal position.

"The daughter we love so deeply perhaps won't return to us."

Fairview Hospital

Edie is lying in bed.

"And then we could end up all by ourselves."

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Susan is standing in front of her burnt house. She smiles determinedly.

"Of course, some see great value in going it alone. For example..."

Mountain Cabin

A landlord enters the cabin with Felicia.

Landlord: "Sorry about the dust, Mrs. Huber. We don't get too many tourists this far up the mountain. First snows come and this place is completely cut off."

Felicia: "Dropping off the face of the earth. Now that's what I call a vacation."

The landlord laughs and hands the keys to Felicia. The keys fall to the floor.

Felicia: "Oh, I'm sorry."

Landlord: "Oh."

The landlord picks them up and holds them toward Felicia. Felicia puts out her bandaged hand with two fingers missing.

Felicia: "Sometimes, I'm just all thumbs."


"It's a fact of life in every neighborhood. People move in and people move out. Although very few of them pack up and leave at two o'clock in the morning."

Betty's House

The living room is almost empty of furniture. Betty continues packing.

"But it wasn't the first time that Betty Applewhite had tried to leave in the middle of the night. It had happened once before in Chicago."

Betty sits down to play the piano.

"The same night one of her sons tried to break up with his girlfriend."

Flashback - 1 Year Ago - Chicago

Betty is playing the piano.

"A young woman named Melanie Foster."

Matthew and Melanie arguing in the hall.

Melanie: "Are you kidding? You cannot dump me! I do not get dumped! If anyone is getting dumped here, it's you!"

Matthew: "However you want to spin it is fine, okay? I just want out!"

Melanie: "What the..."

Matthew: "I just want out!"

Melanie: "Okay, Matthew. Maybe I am a bitch some times, but there are advantages to dating someone like me. And I know that you know what I'm talking about."

Matthew: "Melanie, my mother is in the other room. Are you crazy?"

Betty is still playing the piano and can hear everything Matthew and Melanie are saying. Caleb is also in the room with his mother and can hear the argument.

Melanie: "Clearly we can't have a serious discussion here. Why don't you meet me at the lumber yard at nine?"

Matthew: "Melanie!"

Melanie: "Huh?"

Matthew: "It's over."

Melanie: "Well, even more reason for you to show up. No one can say goodbye better than I do."

Melanie leaves and Matthew walks away from the living room. Caleb comes out of the living room and stares at the front door, then turns and looks at the flowers on the top of the piano.

Lumbar Yard - Nighttime

Melanie is hiding behind stacks of lumber. Someone is approaching, so she steps out.

Melanie: "Well, it's about time. Caleb! What are you doing here? Where's Matthew?"

Caleb (holding flowers): "I got here first. I know a short cut."

Melanie: "Does Matthew know that you're here?"

Caleb: "No, he doesn't want to be with you anymore."

Melanie: "What does that have to do with you?"

Caleb: "See, I thought, maybe I could be your boyfriend now."

Melanie: "What?"

Caleb: "I love you."

Melanie: "Oh, god, please, tell me someone put you up to this! No? 'Cause if you're serious, it's too pathetic."

Caleb tries to kiss her. She hits him.

Melanie: "What the hell are you doing?"

Caleb grabs her again. They struggle.

Melanie: "Get off of me, you freak!"

Melanie grabs a board and hits Caleb several times. He grabs the board and strikes her. She falls to the ground. Caleb drops the board and leans over her.

Caleb: "Melanie?"

He touches her face and gets blood on his hands. He wipes his hands on his t-shirt and runs off.

Betty's House

Caleb runs in, breathing hard. Betty sees him with blood all over his shirt.

Present Day - Nighttime

Betty's leads Caleb out of the living room.

"Yes, a year had come and gone since the Applewhite's had left Chicago. And Betty thought they could again slip away in the middle of the night."

Betty and Caleb walk out of the house.

Caleb: "Once we move, how's Matty gonna find us?"

Betty: "Caleb, I think it's just gonna be you and me from now on."

Sirens blare. Betty turns and sees several police cars pull in front of her house. Police officers with guns drawn get out of the car.

Police Officer: "Let's see your hands! Get your hands up!"

"But as she soon discovered, it's not that easy to slip away in the suburbs. Because in suburbia..."

Betty is put into the police car. All the neighbors are standing around, watching.

"...once the neighbors hear you are going, they all insist on showing up to say goodbye."

Opening Credits

Flashback - Wisteria Lane - Daytime

"Everyone must choose the road they will take in life. And for a special few, that road would lead to Wisteria Lane."

A moving van pulls up in front of Bree's home.

"They all arrived the exact same way. Driving up in their overloaded trucks..."

A moving truck is in front of Gabrielle's house.

"...bringing with them their expensive antiques and ordinary dreams."

Flashback - Mary Alice's House

A young Mary Alice peeks out the window.

"I remember the first moment I saw each of them."

Flashback - 14 Years Ago - Outside Susan's House

A young Susan is leaning over a young Julie in a stroller.

"I met Susan Mayer the day she moved to Wisteria Lane."

Susan: "Ah. Okay, break times over."

"She seems so delightfully confident, I couldn't help but feel intimidated."

Susan gets into the back of the rent-a-truck van. She trips and grabs onto the door strap. The door closes and locks, trapping Susan.

Susan: "Oh, Oh."

"That feeling quickly passed."

Susan bangs on the inside door as Julie sits nicely in her stroller next to the van.

Susan: "Oh help! Can anybody hear me? Julie? I need you to try to unlock the door. Oh, what am I saying, she's two. Okay, I need you to unbuckle yourself and try to find a neighbor."

Mary Alice walks by and hears the yelling.

Susan: "But don't cross the street! Just tell the neighbor that your mommy's stuck in a big truck!"

The door opens up.

Susan: "Oh yes! My god, I have a genius baby!"

The door is open and Susan sees Mary Alice.

Susan: "Oh hi. I have a normal baby."

Mary Alice: "I'm Mary Alice. I live across the street."

Susan: "Susan Mayer. Thank you so much. If my husband had had to rescue me, oh, I just, I would have never heard the end of it. He thinks I'm a total klutz."

Mary Alice: "Oh, please, that's what neighbors are for. Well, welcome to Wisteria Lane. When you're finished unpacking, why don't you come over for a cup of coffee?"

Susan: "Oh, wow! I have a neighbor who just asked me over for coffee. I'm sorry. You must think I'm a lunatic."

Mary Alice: "Oh, no, no, I don't. I think you're charming. And your baby looks like a genius to me."

Susan: "Oh, she is and we're gonna be so happy here. Look at your new home!"

Present Day - Outside Susan's Burnt House - Daytime

Susan is guiding a blindfolded Julie toward their burnt house.

Julie: "You're not gonna walk me into a wall, are you?"

Susan: "Of course not, but when you see it for the first time, I want you to get the whole impact." (she removes the blindfold) "Ta-da!"

A trailer is parked in front of their house.

Susan: "Okay, now I know it's a little more cramped than we're used to, but we can't stay at Bree's forever. She's gonna be coming back from that spa vacation soon. Besides, it's gonna be fun."

Julie: "Why are you doing this to me? I get good grades. I don't do drugs. I've never come home pregnant."

Susan: "Honey, I am trying my hardest to stand on my own two feet. All right, I've got six book proposals in the works. I'm gonna try to supervise the rebuilding of this house, but you know, I can't do it without your support. And I want you to be proud of me."

Julie: "Fine. Let's take a look inside."

Susan: "Oh, that's my girl!"

Julie: "So, is there anything you should prepare me for?"

Susan: "No, no. It's all good. Oh, but you should know that your bed doubles as the dining table, and the toilet's in the shower."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle: "Honey, look. I bought us matching golf outfits for our lessons tomorrow."

Carlos: "Yeah, about that. I can't go. I gotta pick up trash on the freeway."

Gabrielle: "I'm sorry?"

Carlos: "I have to do my community service. It's part of my parole, remember?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, okay, well, I'll just call the country club and cancel our lessons."

Carlos: "No, no, no. I paid already. Might as well go without me."

Gabrielle: "I don't wanna go alone. It was your idea in the first place."

Carlos: "And I'd love to be there with you, too, if I didn't have to scrape slushies and condoms off Route 57. Look, what's the big deal? Just go take the stupid lesson."

Gabrielle: "Fine, if you feel that way about it."

Carlos: "Hey, I'm sorry. All right, I'm just a little on edge today."

Carlos looks out on the front porch. Xiao-Mei is bending over working while Ralph the gardener stares at her.

Carlos: "Oh, would you look at this crap? He has been doing that all day."

Gabrielle: "Ralph has a little crush. So?"

Carlos: "So, can't I get a gardener who isn't trying to sleep with someone in my house?"

Gabrielle: "You pay six bucks an hour. It's all about the perks, honey."

Outside Susan's House

Susan is washing the trailer when Tom approaches.

Tom: "Susan, have you talked to Lynette?"

Susan: "Um, no. Have you tried her cell?"

Tom: "Yeah, she isn't picking up. Do you know where she is?"

Susan: "Uh, no, I'm sorry."

Tom: "Susan, I think you do."

Susan: "I really don't, Tom. Is everything okay?"

Tom: "Yeah. Yeah, we just had a fight. Listen, if you talk to her, will you please ask her to call me? Thank you."

Tom walks away. Susan watches to make sure he's gone, then dials her cell phone.

Hotel

Lynette is sitting poolside with Penny and answers her cell phone.

Lynette: "Hello?"

Susan: "He was just here. I think you should call him."

Lynette: "I can't. I can't. I'm sorry. I just can't."

Parker: "Mom!"

Lynette: "Yeah. Hang on. I'll call you later. Okay, bye."

Lynette hangs up.

Lynette: "Yeah?"

Parker: "When is daddy coming? I wanna show him my dive."

Lynette: "He's not coming, sweetheart. But you could show me."

Fairview Prison Visiting Room

Paul is talking to Zach through a glass partition with a phone.

Paul: "You have to talk to Noah."

Zach: "But he creeps me out."

Paul: "Who cares? This is my life we're talking about. I need a big-time lawyer in my corner and where else are we gonna get that kind of money?"

Zach: "Noah's not gonna give me a dime if he knows it's for you. He hates your guts."

Paul: "Tell him it's for you. Tell him you want a car. Tell him you're ready for him to buy your love. Trust me, dying men are nothing if not sentimental."

Zach: "Why do you need so much, anyway? I thought only guilty men needed expensive lawyers."

Paul: "Felicia has obviously been planning this for months. Who knows what other kind of evidence she's planted? With my luck, they'll open up the Martha Huber murder again, try to nail me with some D.N.A."

Zach: "You swore to me that you had nothing to do with that."

Paul: "I didn't. Look, why are we arguing? I'm your father. Do what I'm telling you to do."

Zach: "You're not my real father."

Paul: "You ungrateful little...I rescued you from that miserable junkie. I give you a home, a life worth living, and now you're making me beg for one lousy little favor. I need the money, Zach. If you won't do it for me, at least do it for your mother. After all, she killed herself trying to protect you."

Zach hangs up the phone.

Flashback - 12 Years Ago - Outside Bree's House - Daytime

Movers are unloading furniture into Bree's house.

"I met Bree Van de Kamp the first day she moved to Wisteria Lane. There are certain people, who, when you meet them, can't help but make a delightful first impression."

A younger Bree knocks on Mary Alice's door. Mary Alice opens the door and Bree holds up a ceramic frog.

Bree: "Hello. I'm Bree Van de Kamp, your new neighbor. Is this your frog?"

"Bree was not one of them."

Mary Alice: "Yes. Why?"

Bree: "Well, it seems that my son stole it from your yard."

Mary Alice: "Oh, well, I don't mind. If he likes it so much, he's welcome to keep it."

Bree: "Well, don't tell him that. If he doesn't feel guilty he'll never learn shame."

A younger Susan comes to the door.

Susan: "Hey, what's going on?"

Mary Alice: "Oh, um, this is our new neighbor. It seems her son accidentally took my garden frog."

Susan: "Oh."

Bree: "Please don't make excuses for him. That is exactly what his father does. Rex!"

A younger Rex and young Andrew walk up.

Bree: "This is my husband, Rex."

Rex: "Hi. We're not weird. We just seem like we are."

Bree: "And this is my son, the criminal. Go on."

Young Andrew: "I'm sorry I stole from you. Just so you know, my mom did teach me right from wrong, so my actions should in no way influence your opinion of her as a parent."

Susan: "Wow."

Bree: "Well, is there anything you'd like to say to my son?"

Rex: "Feel free to be harsh."

Mary Alice: "Um, no, I'm, I'm good."

Bree: "Well, now that we've finished with all this unpleasantness, I want to assure you that we are going to be good neighbors, and I hope in time, great friends."

Mary Alice: "That sounds lovely."

Bree ( to Andrew ): "Come on."

Mary Alice: "Oh, wait. I'm, I'm sorry. It was Rex, Andrew and what was your name again?"

Present Day - Fairview Meadows Psychiatric Hospital

Orson: "Bree?"

Bree: "What?"

Orson: "You're Bree Van de Kamp, right?"

Bree: "Do I know you?"

Orson: "Orson Hodge. Uh, Susan's dentist friend. We met after her house burned down."

Bree: "Oh. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you."

Orson: "Small world, huh?"

Bree: "Yes. uh, excruciatingly so."

Orson: "Ah."

Bree: "What are you doing here?"

Orson: "Well, three or four times a week, I visit my, my friend. What about you?"

Bree: "Oh, I just thought it would be a lovely place to take a nice, long rest."

Orson: "Oh."

Bree: "Um, listen, I told my friends that I was, um, I was at a spa, so if you run into Susan, I-"

Orson: "Your secret is safe."

Bree: "And seriously, I am not like these other people."

Orson: "Oh, I can tell. A real lady always stands out in a crowd."

Bree: "Well, that was very sweet."

Orson: "Enjoy your rest, Bree Van de Kamp."

Orson walks away and sits next to his lady friend who stares out of the window.

Lady Inmate: "Boy, do I feel for you. Trying to convince your friends that you're still normal and you're surrounded by a bunch of loons."

Bree: "You, too?"

Lady Inmate: "Oh, please. Dr. Barr goes out of his way to make me feel like a complete psychopath. I think he's crazier than the patients, actually."

Bree: "You know that, um, that woman in the wheelchair? What's her story?"

Lady Inmate: "Yeah, she's a kooky one. She hasn't spoken a word since she got here. She just sits there all day long waiting for your friend to come and visit. He talks to her for hours, but I don't even think she can hear him."

Susan's Trailer

Susan comes outside, spraying bug spray as Mike walks up with two cups of coffee.

Susan: "Oh, hi."

Mike: "You said to stop by for coffee sometime. I got coffee."

Later, they sit on some chairs outside the trailer.

Susan: "So I can't believe you caught me spraying for ants. I must look like a wreck."

Mike: "Actually, you look kinda sexy."

Susan: "You've gotta be kidding."

Mike: "No, the way you're taking charge, it's impressive."

Susan: "They're just ants, and they're tiny. Of course, they do outnumber me."

Mike: "No, you said you wanted to handle things yourself and you're making it happen. It's good to see."

Susan: "Thanks."

Mike: "Even if it does mean you're not in the market for a relationship right now."

Susan: "Oh, did I say that?"

Mike: "You certainly implied it."

Susan: "Well, sometimes I say things I don't mean. I blame it on my frequent exposure to ant spray."

Karl walks up.

Karl: "What the hell is this?"

Susan: "Karl, what do you want?"

Karl: "Well, I can't believe you're forcing our daughter to live in a house with wheels. I think we need to talk about this."

Susan: "Okay, it's temporary, and if you don't mind, I'm having coffee."

Mike: "Oh, it's okay, Susan."

Karl: "Hey, sorry. I don't mean to chase you out, buddy, but, uh, this is really a family thing."

Mike: "No, no, I understand."

Karl: "Cool."

Mike leans over and kisses Susan passionately.

Susan: "Mmmm."

Mike: "I'll call you later."

Fairview Country Club Bar

Golf Pro: "You've got a great swing. You just need a little help around the greens. You know what they say, drive for show, putt for dough. Am I right?"

Gabrielle: "That is so true."

Golf Pro: "All right. I'll see you out there."

Gabrielle: "Okay."

The pro leaves. Gabrielle sits down at the bar.

Gabrielle: "Make me something strong. I have nine more holes with that guy."

The TV above the bar is on.

Newsman: "Jim, it was just an hour ago that the road crew working here on Route 57 saw a member of their own killed by oncoming traffic. The victim was a Hispanic male in his early forties who, for years, was a prominent businessman in the area. Police aren't releasing a name until the next of kin can be notified. We, of course, will keep you updated..."

Gabrielle's cell phone rings.

Newsman: "...on any late-breaking developments as this tragic story unfolds. Reporting live from Route 57, this is Craig Tsuyumine. Back to you."

Outside Gabrielle's House - Daytime

Gabrielle is outside her house, leaning against her car. She is in tears. Xiao-Mei comes running out, fixing her hair.

Xiao-Mei: "Mrs. Solis! Why you home?"

Gabrielle: "Carlos is dead, Xiao-Mei."

Xiao-Mei: "No, please don't kill him."

Gabrielle: "No, you don't understand. He's already dead. There was an accident. He's all over the highway."

Xiao-Mei: "No, he in kitchen."

Gabrielle runs inside.

Carlos: "Hey, babe. Why you home so early?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, honey! Oh, you're not dead!"

Carlos: "Who said I was dead?"

Gabrielle: "The police. They called me."

Carlos: "What are you talking about?"

Gabrielle: "Honey, they didn't know all the details, but a witness said that they saw you run into the carpool lane to pick up a lawn chair that had fallen off some truck, and then a bus hit you right in front of the road crew. Why aren't you at the road crew?"

Carlos: "I paid Ralph to go in my place. What?"

Gabrielle: "Well, Carlos, they had your name."

Carlos: "Oh, no. Poor Ralph."

Gabrielle: "Oh! Why is your back all sweaty?"

Carlos: "I was working out on the treadmill."

Gabrielle: "Barefoot?"

Carlos: "For god sakes, Gabrielle, Ralph just died, and you're worried about my feet? I mean, what the hell is wrong with you?"

Carlos walks quickly out of the room and bumps in Xiao-Mei.

Carlos: "My fault."

Xiao-Mei: "Sorry."

Fairview Meadows Psychiatric Hospital

Bree is in Dr. Barr's office, raking a small Zen garden.

Dr. Barr: "You must find that very peaceful."

Bree: "Why would you assume that?"

Dr. Barr: "Because that's all you've been doing for three sessions. I still don't know anything about you, except that you rake in remarkably straight lines."

Bree: "Is that what you're doing, asking me all those ridiculous questions about my childhood, trying to get to know me? Well, here's a clue. I'm not crazy. I just have a few issues."

Dr. Barr: "And psychotherapy is how we help you deal with those issues. What kind of treatment did you think you were going to get?"

Bree: "Honestly, I was hoping that you'd medicate the hell out of me."

Dr. Barr: "You don't need anything stronger than what I've already prescribed for you."

Bree: "I have aspirin at home that packs more of a punch."

Dr. Barr: "It says here your husband died, you had a boyfriend who killed himself, and you suffer from alcoholism. That's a lot of trauma for one year. What about your kids?"

Bree: "Oh, they're fine. Andrew is backpacking through Europe and Danielle is away at cheerleading camp."

Dr. Barr: "What's your relationship with them like?"

Bree: "What do you mean?"

Dr. Barr: "Are you close? Do they share things with you? What do you feel about them?"

Bree: "You know, I really don't have time for this nonsense. Are you going to give me some serious drugs or not?"

Dr. Barr: "No."

Bree: "Fine. Then I'm going back to my room."

Dr. Barr: "You know, Bree, I can't force you to open up to me, but I can make it easier for you to focus on your problems."

Bree: "And how are you going to do that?

Dr. Barr: "I'm going to tell the orderlies to confiscate all your personal items."

Bree: "I committed myself voluntarily."

Dr. Barr: "When you signed those papers, I became responsible for your well-being and I will help you in any way I see fit."

Bree: "I don't need that much help because I am not like your other patients."

Dr. Barr: "Oh, sure, you are. You just don't know it yet."

Fairview Police Department Interrogation Room

Detective: "Your son confessed to murder. We've got it on tape."

Betty: "My son has the mind of a child, Detective. He'd confess to sinking the Titanic."

Detective: "This letter was sent some months ago to the Chicago police saying the person they arrested for the Melanie Foster murder was innocent. We have a hunch you wrote it."

Betty: "Really? I didn't know hunches were considered evidence in a court of law."

Detective: "They aren't, but this is. We found some of the assailant's D.N.A. on this jacket. Now all we need is a matching sample. You, by any chance, recognize the jacket?"

Betty looks at a photograph the detective put in front of her. A jacket is covering Melanie's dead body.

Betty: "It's not Caleb's."

Detective: "You can try and deny it, but..."

Betty: "No, you don't understand. That jacket belongs to my other son."

Motel Room

Matthew is standing over a sleeping Danielle.

Flashback - Chicago Lumber Yard - Nighttime

Melanie is lying on the ground. Matthew walks up. Melanie wakes up coughing.

Later, the two of them are talking.

Melanie: "And out of nowhere, he just attacked me."

Matthew: "My brother's never been violent. I'm sure he didn't mean to hurt you."

Melanie: "But he did."

Matthew: "Let me just take you home."

Melanie: "This has been pretty traumatic for me. I think that you should come over for the next few days so we can talk it out."

Matthew: "We broke up, Mel. It is not my job to hold your hand."

Melanie: "Well, maybe I shouldn't go home right away. Maybe I should go to the cops first."

Matthew: "The cops?"

Melanie: "I was attacked. It's my civic duty to report it, don't you think?"

Matthew: "Mel, I just told you that Caleb did not mean to do what he did, okay? Melanie, please."

Melanie: "Screw you."

Matthew: "No, you cannot tell anybody about this!"

Melanie: "I can tell who I want! Get your hands off of me!"

Matthew: "We're talking about my brother here!"

Melanie: "Your brother is going to go to jail for the next ten years, so I say let go!"

Melanie slaps Matthew and walks away..

Matthew: "Hey, Melanie!"

Melanie: "What?"

Matthew hits her with a board. She falls.

Matthew: "You leave my family alone!"

He stands over her hitting her repeatedly. When he's done, he takes his jacket off, covers her, and runs off.

Present Day - Motel Room

Matthew is standing over a sleeping Danielle.

Flashback - 8 Years Ago - Outside Lynette's House

Bree with muffins, Susan with flowers, and Mary Alice with wine are walking up to Lynette's house. Screaming is coming from inside.

"We all met Lynette Scavo the day she moved onto Wisteria Lane. We quickly decided she would be our friend, mostly because we were afraid to have her as an enemy."

Lynette walks out yelling.

Lynette: "...playing russian roulette with my ovaries and..."

Tom: "Chill, Lynette!"

She stops when she sees the ladies.

Lynette: "Hi."

Tom: "Hi."

Mary Alice: "Hi, uh, we just wanted to come welcome you to the neighborhood."

Bree: "Um, but we could come back later."

Lynette: "Yeah. No, wait. Actually, wait. This is perfect. You know why? Because we need some impartial judges."

Tom: "Lynette..."

Lynette: "Let's suppose your husband begged you to get pregnant, begged you, and out of the goodness of your heart, you agreed, even though it might derail your career. You agreed to a baby. A baby, singular."

Tom: "Lynette, we've just met these people."

Lynette: "Then, then you go in for an ultrasound, and you hear two heartbeats. Then, and only then, does your husband tell you that twins run in his family."

Tom: "I didn't think it was that big a deal!"

Lynette: "Your family had eight sets of twins over three generations, not to mention your relatives in Kentucky with triplets! Triplets! So I ask you, do I not deserve to punish this man severely?"

Susan: "Well, actually, I think that twins are genetically determined by the mother."

Lynette: "What are you, a scientist?"

Susan: "No. No, I write children's books."

Bree: "Um, we, uh, just came over to introduce ourselves, but we can, um, do that at another time."

Tom: "No, wait. Please stay. It's okay. We're okay. We're okay, right? Honey, we don't wanna freak out the new neighbors."

Lynette: "I'm sorry that you saw my panic attack. I won't let it happen again, especially since this is my last pregnancy."

Tom: "Right. You're the boss. I'm just your love slave."

Susan and Mary Alice: "Aw."

Lynette: "Well, don't encourage him."

Tom: "Honey, clearly, our new neighbors can sense that you have been gifted with a phenomenal husband."

Present Day - Hotel Pool

Twin: "Cannonball!"

Lynette: "Guys? Could you come here for a second? We need to have a serious talk." (the boys approach) "Okay, we have had a great vacation, but tomorrow we're going home, except we're not going to our home. We're gonna go stay with grandma."

Porter: "Is dad gonna be there?"

Lynette: "No, dad is not gonna be there, but he, he is gonna come and see you guys all the time. We are still gonna be a family. It's just we won't be living in the same place anymore. So, is there any questions you wanna ask me?"

Porter: "Can we go swimming now?"

Porter/Preston/Parker: "Yeah!"

Twin: "Cannonball!"

Downtown Fairview - Daytime

Karl is buying a newspaper when he sees Mike walking into a jewelry store. He walks in.

Karl: "Mike, what a surprise."

Mike: "Yeah. How's it goin'?"

Karl: Good, good. Just came in to get a new battery for my watch. So, whatcha doin'?"

Mike: "Oh, just buying something for my grandma. It's her ninetieth birthday."

Salesman: "Here we go. This will sweep her right off her feet. It's elegant, and she can build on it for anniversaries."

Karl: "Lucky grandma.You dog. You're gonna ask Susan to marry you, aren't you?"

Mike: "I didn't say that."

Karl: "Man, I'm cool. Ss far as I'm concerned, Susan's old news, so Mazel Tov."

Mike: "I don't suppose there's any hope of you keeping your mouth shut about this, is there? I wanted to surprise her."

Karl: "Oh, trust me, brother. She'll be surprised and not just by how small that rock is."

He leaves.

Noah's House

Zach is sitting besides Noah who is connected to various tubes, machines, etc.

Zach: "Look, I, I know it's an expensive car, but I need one, so can I get the money?"

Noah: "You're a lousy liar, kid. I read the papers. I know what happened to your father. My guess is he's in the market for a fancy lawyer to get him some rich man's justice."

Zach: "Please."

Noah: "Paul Young put Deirdre in a box. My daughter. Your mother, so we're clear. I don't write checks to monsters."

Zach: "Why can't you just give me the money? You're dying. You don't need it. I do."

Noah: "Don't cry, Zach. It pisses me off."

Zach: "Well, you said all of this was gonna be mine, so when do I get it?"

Noah: "Empire is a highfalutin' word, but that's what I've built. Unfortunately, an empire can only be ruled by an iron fist and a strong gut. I wanted to give it to you, Zach, but I'm starting to have my doubts about you."

Zach: "So, what? Are you cutting me off?"

Noah: "I don't have any use for weakness. Get out."

Zach gets up, closes the door, and locks it. He then walks over to the machine that is assisting Noah with his breathing. His finger hovers over the on/off switch.

Noah: "What, are you gonna kill me? Prove you're a tough guy? See? That's why I can't give you the keys to the kingdom, kid. No balls."

Zach shuts the breathing machine off. Noah smiles, then begins to gasp for air. Zach sits down and watches Noah.

Flashback - 3 Years Ago - Outside Gabrielle's House

"We met Gabrielle Solis the day she moved to Wisteria Lane. We were all excited to get a glimpse of a successful New York model."

Bree, Lynette, Susan, and Mary Alice walk toward Gabrielle's house.

Gabrielle's House

Susan, Mary Alice, Lynette and Bree enter Gabrielle's house. The room is filled with cardboard boxes.

Bree: "Hello?"

"We saw more..."

Gabrielle stands up from behind the boxes. She is dressed in a bra and panties.

Gabrielle: "Hi, there."

"...than we bargained for."

Mary Alice: "I'm Mary Alice. This is Susan, uh, Lynette, and Bree."

Susan: "Welcome to the neighborhood."

Gabrielle puts on a shirt.

Gabrielle: "Well, I am Gabrielle Solis."

Lynette: "Would it be better if we came back at another time?"

Gabrielle: "Oh! No, no. I was just changing out of my sweaty clothes. I didn't realize moving was such great cardio."

Carlos walks in from the kitchen in a shirt only.

Carlos: "Hey, babe, we haven't tried it in the kitchen yet."

Gabrielle: "Honey, uh, I think it's time to unpack the pants."

Carlos: "Right. It's nice to meet you ladies."

Carlos walks out of the room.

Mary Alice: "Let me guess. Newlyweds?"

Gabrielle: "Four months, and I've dressed like this for two of 'em. He's insatiable."

Present Day - Gabrielle's House - Nighttime

Gabrielle climbs into bed next to Carlos and snuggles up to him.

Carlos: "Hey, what are you doing?"

Gabrielle: "Trying to have s*x with you."

Carlos: "Now? Babe, it's kind of late."

Gabrielle: "You don't wanna have s*x with me? You always wanna have s*x with me. You wanted to have s*x with me an hour after your hernia operation."

Carlos: "I'm a little preoccupied. A good man died today. Don't take it personally."

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei said the strangest thing to me when I told her you were dead. She said, 'please don't kill him.'"

Carlos: "That poor kid. Ah. We really need to get her some English lessons."

Susan's Trailer - Morning

Susan and Julie are asleep in the trailer as the engine starts up.

Susan: "Julie, what are you doing?"

Julie: "I'm trying to sleep."

Karl: "Morning, ladies."

Julie and Susan look and see Karl is behind the wheel, starting the engine.

Susan: "Karl! What are you doing?"

Karl: "I've got a little surprise planned for my girls. So, just sit back and relax. We'll be there shortly."

Susan: "No, no, no, no. No, turn my house around."

Karl: "Latt?"

Karl pulls to the curb. Susan and Julie get out.

Karl: "Out to the right, ladies. My gift to you."

Susan: "You bought us a house?"

Karl: "Let's have a look around, huh? There's three bedrooms, a gourmet kitchen for what it's worth. There's a guest house in the back that you could use as a studio. There's a pool."

Julie: "A pool? Really? Aah!"

Julie runs inside.

Susan: "What's the catch?"

Karl: "There's no catch. It's yours, Susie. Yours and Julie's. No strings attached."

Susan: "I can't accept this. I just, I gotta get out of this mess on my own."

Karl: "This is not charity. I owe you for everything I've done over the years, all the heartache I've inflicted on you. Consider it payback."

Julie comes running outside.

Julie: "Mom! There's a pool and a jacuzzi!"

Karl: "At least no one can drive off with it while you're sleeping, huh?"

Fairview Meadows Psychiatric Hospital

Bree is listening to messages on her cell phone.

Susan: "Hey, it's Susan. Just wanted you to know I let the electrician in your house. I hope you're having a great time at the spa."

Betty: "Bree, hi. it's Betty. I'm, I'm sorry to leave this on the machine, but the police have evidence that implicates Matthew in the murder of Melanie Foster. We have to find them, Bree. We have to find them and get Danielle back."

Later, Bree is walking out with her suitcase. Two guards grab her.

Bree: "You let go of me right now!"

Dr. Barr: "Hey, hey! What's going on here? "

Bree: "I am trying to leave and these morons won't let me. Do you know that you can be arrested for kidnapping for detaining someone?"

Dr. Barr: "Why do you need to leave?"

Bree: "Because my daughter is in danger."

Dr. Barr: "Something happened at cheerleading camp?"

Bree: "Okay, there's no camp. That was a fib on my part. I found out that she ran away with a boy and the boy is a murderer."

Dr. Barr: "A murderer?"

Bree: "I can tell by your tone that you don't believe me."

Dr. Barr: "Bree, let's talk about this in my office."

Bree: "I don't have time for therapy, you quack! Now let me out of here! Let go of me! You idiot! Let go of me! You know that I committed myself voluntarily! You can't do this to me! No!"

A nurse gives Bree an injection.

Dr. Barr: "Bree, please, don't struggle."

Bree: "If anything happens to my daughter, so help me, god..."

Dr. Barr: "We're only trying to help."

Bree goes limp.


Noah's Estate

Zach is standing next to the vast lake on the property.

Attorney: "Mr. Young, you'll need to come up to the house to sign some legal documents."

Zach: "What for?"

Attorney: "Noah Taylor's will called for an immediate transference of his entire estate to you upon his death."

Zach: "So, everything's mine?"

Attorney: "That's correct."

Zach's cell phone rings.

Zach: "Hi, dad."

Paul: "So, did you have any luck with your grandfather?"

Zach: "Yeah, I talked to Noah. He's not gonna give us the money."

Paul: "Damn it, Zach!"

Zach: "Sorry?"

Paul: "Go back and talk to him."

Zach: "No, I, I don't think he's gonna change his mind."

Paul: "Terrific. Am I gonna see you tomorrow?"

Zach: "No, I, I can't come tomorrow."

Paul: "What about Monday?"

Zach: "Next week's bad for me, too. I'll, I'll call you when I know."

Paul: "Zach? Zach!"

Zach hangs up.

Attorney: "Is there anything I can do?"

Zach: "Yeah, get me a new phone with a different number. And fill in this stupid lake."

Outside Mike's House

Mike is washing his car. He walks over to Susan's trailer, where she's loading boxes into Karl's car.

Susan: "Careful with those. It's the last of the crystal."

Julie: "Okay."

Mike: "Hey, what's going on?"

Susan: "Oh, hi. Um, we're just moving."

Karl: "Hey! It's the plumber. You come over to help Susie move into her new house?"

Mike: "New house?"

Karl: "Oh, she didn't tell you? I bought a place for my girls."

Mike: "You let him buy you a house?"

Susan: "Uh, well, he's not moving in with us."

Mike: "After that speech about wanting to go it alone, and after I offered to let you stay with me?"

Susan: "To be fair, you just had a spare room and this is a whole house."

Karl: "Hey, no offense, if you're not using your back, you're just in the way."

Mike: "You saw me buying that ring and you just had to cut me off."

Susan: "You bought me a ring?"

Karl: "Suze, let me handle this. A man's gotta protect his family."

Susan: "Uh, Mike, about that ring..."

Mike: "Put that box down."

Karl: "What, you gonna hit me, huh?"

Karl throws the box at Mike and jumps him.

Susan: "Stop it! Oh, my...what are you-just stop it! Oh, that's enough! Just get off! Get off! Go! Go!"

Karl gets off, grabs a pan, and throws it at Mike's head.

Susan: "Oh, my god. What? Stop! That's enough. enough, enough. Back up. And that ring, that was for me, right?"

Mike: "Not now"

Karl throws a salad shooter and hits Mike in the face. Mike slugs Karl, who falls.

Susan: "Oh, my...oh! Karl, are you okay? Are you okay? Let me see. Oh, my god."

Karl: "Whew."

Susan: "Can you sit up?"

Karl: "Whew."

Mike looks at Julie and Susan fussing over Karl and leaves.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei, do you have a second? This is probably silly, but it's been bothering me. When you said, 'please don't kill him,' did you mean Carlos?"

Xiao-Mei: "Ralph dead, not Mr. Solis."

Gabrielle: "I know. It's just you said, kill, not dead and I'd have to do be pretty angry to kill someone, so I guess my question is, do I have a reason to be angry at Mr. Solis?"

Xiao-Mei: "Please, so much laundry."

Gabrielle pulls out a pair of torn panties from the laundry basket.

Gabrielle: "Xiao-Mei, how did you rip your panties?"

Xiao-Mei: "I fall down."

Fairview Hospital

Doctor: "Says here Dr. Bader examined Xiao-Mei last week, and everything was fine."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, I know. It's just, she's been having pain down there. So if you could take a peek, it'd make me feel so much better."

Doctor: "Of course."

Gabrielle: "Um, and, doctor, uh, while you're down there, could you check if she's still a virgin?"

Doctor: "I'm sorry?"

Gabrielle: "You don't even have to say it out loud. If you see hymen, just give me a thumbs up."

Doctor walks in and and begins examining Xiao-Mei. After a moment, he gives Gabrielle a "thumbs down" sign.

Hotel Room

Lynette is packing. Porter comes out of the bathroom wearing his swimming trunks.

Lynette: "What's this now?"

Porter: "I wanna swim."

Lynette: "Well, we already swam. Now it's time to pack. Hey, hey, hey! What's going on?"

Porter: "Dad would let me swim."

Lynette: "Well, dad's not here, so I decide, and I decide no."

Porter runs to the patio.

Lynette: "Ah, Porter, what are you doing? Hey! hey, get down off that right now. I mean it!"

Porter climbs on the railing and straddles it.

Lynette: "Okay! Okay, okay, Porter, just stop, all right? Just come on inside, and we'll forget the whole thing."

Porter falls off the rail, screaming. Lynette screams.

Fairview Hospital Emergency Ward

Tom enters.

Parker: "Daddy!"

Preston: "Daddy! Daddy!"

Tom: "Hey, guys. god! Ooh, god, I've missed you so much. Oh, you, too, munchkin. Where's Porter? Is he okay?"

Lynette: "He broke his arm. They took him up to x-ray."

Tom: "Hey, guys, why don't you look after your sister for me, okay? Mommy and daddy need to talk."

Later, Tom and Lynette walk into a small waiting room.

Lynette: "I've got nothing to say to you. I just called because I had to."

Tom: "Honey, whatever you saw, I can explain it."

Lynette: "I am not interested and if you wanna keep those fingers, I would move 'em away from my body. Thank you."

Tom: "Lynette, I am not cheating on you. I never have and I never will."

Lynette: "I saw you with that woman."

Tom: "Her name is Nora. I met her twelve years ago."

Lynette: "I don't care what her name is."

Tom: "I met her before you. She was a dancer on a cruise ship. We had a one night stand. I haven't thought about her in years."

Lynette: "Then why are you going to Atlantic City every other weekend to visit her?"

Tom: "I have another child, Lynette."

Lynette: "What?"

Tom: "She got pregnant from the one night stand. Nora raised the kid without ever telling me. I only just found out about it. That is why I have been going back and forth. I am not having an affair."

Lynette shoves Tom. He falls over some chairs.

Later, Tom sits, holding an ice pack to his head.

Tom: "The little girl's name is Kayla. She's eleven years old. I know I should've told you about this sooner. It's just that I wanted to take a paternity test to be sure and I'm definitely the dad."

Lynette: "Why did she wait so long to contact you?"

Tom: "She said she wanted to raise the kid alone, and I, I guess she's changed her mind, honey. Baby, I am so sorry."

He puts his hand on her arm. She shrugs it off.

Lynette: "Not ready for that yet."

Tom: "Okay."

Lynette: "You have no idea how badly you scared me."

Tom: "I am so sorry."

Lynette: "I had already let you go."

Porter is wheeled into the room.

Porter: "Dad! I got a blue cast."

Tom: "Hey, buddy. You sure did. That's pretty cool."

Lynette: "Hey."

Porter: "It itches. Can we go home now?"

Lynette: "Yeah, we're going home."

Tom comes up behind Lynette and hugs her tightly.

Flashback - 5 Years Ago - Pharmacy

Bree: "Have they rung up your prescription yet?"

Rex: "No, they're getting it right now."

Bree: "Good. Add that on."

Rex: "You're dying your hair honeywheat blond?"

Bree: "Oh, it's not for me, it's for Danielle."

They turn to look at Danielle, who has reddish highlights in her hair.

Bree: "That hair is going back to the color god intended."

Rex: "You actually think she's gonna sit still as you towel this through her hair?"

Bree: "Oh, I will tie her down if necessary. I'm also thinking of checking her body for piercings while I'm at it."

Rex: "You're overreacting. She's just going through a phase. That's what girls her age do."

Bree: "They also get pregnant and become drug addicts and that color hair is the gateway."

Bree: "Would you please, uh, add that to our bill?"

Rex: "I'm telling you, Bree, you're gonna have to stop riding 'em so hard."

Bree: "I am trying to ensure that they turn into responsible adults. Trust me, Rex, in the end, we will be rewarded."

Rex: "How can you be so damn sure of yourself all the time?"

Bree: "Why is my certainty a flaw? I know what I'm about, I know my values, and I know what's right. Why shouldn't I stay the course? Am I right, Mr. Williams?"

George: "My mother always took a firm hand with me and I thank her for it."

Bree: "Exactly, and look how well you turned out."

Rex: "Look, you're a good mother, but there's a limit. You have got to relinquish some control, or else you're gonna regret it."

Present Day - Fairview Meadows Psychiatric Hospital

Bree is tied to the bed with arm and leg restraints. The maintenance man, Alfred, comes in and begins mopping the floor.

Bree: "Excuse me. Do you have the time?"

Alfred: "Yeah, it's just after eight."

Bree: "Oh, I was afraid of that."

Alfred: "Afraid of what?"

Bree: "Well, I'm only supposed to be restrained until seven. You see, I have a problem with sleepwalking. They just tie me up so that I don't wander off and hurt myself."

Alfred: "Yeah, well, I'm sure a nurse will be in here soon."

Bree: "One can only hope. Of course, if a doctor gets here first and sees that someone forgot to release me, I'm sure they'd get in a lot of trouble."

Alfred: "Lady, I can't let you out of your restraints. I'd get fired."

Bree: "Oh, well, I certainly would not want that to happen. What's your name?"

Alfred: "Alfred."

Bree: "Oh! Does anybody ever call you Alfie?"

Alfred: "No."

Bree: "And why should they? So, um, Alfred, I was wondering if you could maybe loosen my restraints. They're incredibly tight, and I'm sure there are no rules against making me more comfortable."

Alfred: "Do you think I'm stupid?"

Bree: "I beg your pardon?"

Alfred: "Two seconds after I loosen these little restraints, you'll try to scratch my eyes out and make a run for it. Well, I'm not falling for it, you psycho little bitch. In fact, I hope they keep you tied up for the next month 'cause I'd get a real kick out of watching a prissy little whack job like you lying in your own filth. Know what I mean?"

Mike's House

Mike opens the door, holding an ice pack to his face.

Susan: "Oh. Are you all right?"

Mike: "Uh, yeah. I'm a little hopped up on pain medicine, but, um, I chipped my tooth on the salad shooter."

Susan: "Oh, oh, you know, you should, um, call my friend Orson. He's a dentist. I'm sure he'll see you right away."

Mike: "Thanks."

Susan: "So, about that ring you bought, is there anything particular you'd like to ask me?"

Mike: "Nope, not as long as Karl's got you wrapped around his finger."

Susan: "Okay, that's ridiculous. Karl doesn't have me wrapped around anything."

Mike: "You accepted a house from him, and you're nuts if you believe he doesn't have an ulterior motive."

Susan: "He's Karl. He's playing me. But that house is gonna be a great place for my daughter to live. And when he makes his move, he's gonna realize that I was really playing him. So, about that ring..."

Mike: "I, I just don't want to get deeper into this and suddenly realize your heart's somewhere else."

Susan: "Mike, my heart is in the exact right place."

Mike: "I can't have have this conversation now, my tooth is throbbing."

Susan: "Of course. Okay. You don't even wanna know what my answer would have been?"

He stares at her and she turns and walks away.

Motel Room

Danielle: "Can we please get out of here? This place is gross. And, god, I'm starving."

Matthew: "Yeah, I know, but we don't have any money, remember?"

Danielle: "That's why we should go to my house. I know the combination to my mom's safe."

Matthew: "Okay, I've told you a thousand times, it's way too risky. No."

Danielle: "Something you should know before we embark on this little adventure. I can get pretty bitchy when I'm not fed."

She turns off the TV and lies down on the bed.

Dentist's Office

Orson is looking at Mike's teeth x-rays.

Orson: "Listen, I hope I'm not out of line here, but did you ever spend any time in prison?"

Mike: "Why, you can tell from my teeth?"

Orson: "Jailhouse dentistry. Unmistakable and not pretty."

Mike: "Yeah, I did a little time in Kansas a few years back. Were you a prison dentist?"

Orson: "Uh, during dental school, we did freebie work on some of the poor guinea pigs behind bars. No offense."

Mike: "You know, I had the feeling when I first saw you in the movie theater that we'd met before."

Orson: "I don't think so."

Mike: "Oh, I'm pretty sure. I think I know you. Any chance I was one of your guinea pigs?"

Orson: "No. The only prison work I did was back in Virginia."

Mike: "Diploma says you graduated from Minnesota."

Orson: "I'm licensed in three states. Open wide, please. Don't talk. I wouldn't want to hurt you."

Flashback - 2 Years Ago - Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle is talking on the phone.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, you promised you'd come home today. Well, I don't care what Tanaka wants! Rattling around this stupid house all by myself is not what I signed up for! No, no, no, don't hang up on me. I'm not done yelling at you!"

Gabrielle hangs up. She sees the gardener, John, going into her garage. She follows him in there.

John: "Mrs. Solis, how are you?"

Gabrielle: "The best you've ever had."

Gabrielle hits the remote in her hand and closes the garage door.

Later, Gabrielle and John are laying half naked on the ground.

Gabrielle: "What's so funny?"

John: "Me and my friend Justin had this bet. See who could lose their virginity first this summer at bible camp. Guess I beat him to the punch."

Gabrielle: "You were a virgin?"

John: "So, it didn't show?"

Gabrielle: "Uh, no. No, I mean, I guess it was, well, weird when you started naming the American presidents in order."

John: "Yeah, I wish you hadn't heard that. I was just trying to..."

Gabrielle: "No, no, you were good. Just, if it comes up in school, Paul Revere was never a president."

John: "Oh, thanks. I, uh, had a really awesome time, Mrs. Solis."

Gabrielle: "Oh, well, good. I'm glad, because this can never happen again."

John: "Why?"

Gabrielle: "The only reason I did this was because I was angry at Carlos. Now, thanks to you, I'm not angry anymore."

John: "Well, you should be. I mean, the guy's never around. Hell, he's probably off having his own affair right now."

Gabrielle: "Oh, I seriously doubt that."

John: "How do you know?"

Gabrielle: "Because Carlos doesn't have an adulterous bone in his body. What we just did he could never do. For him, s*x isn't just s*x. it's a sign of intimacy. It's the way he shows love. You know, instead of talking and listening and spending time with me."

John kisses Gabrielle.

Gabrielle: "What was that for?"

John: "Thought you needed a kiss."

Gabrielle: "Well, since this is our last time, I guess we can make the most of it."

John: "So, you really trust him, huh?"

Gabrielle: "Completely."

Present Day - Gabrielle's House - Daytime

"Like all good mothers, Gabrielle had purchased several top-of-the-line baby monitors."

Gabrielle puts a baby monitor under her bed and one under Xiao-Mei's bed.

"She had planned to use them to keep a close watch on her newborn child. That plan was about to change."

She plants another monitor in the garage, then goes into the living room.

Gabrielle: "So I'm gonna go shopping and then I'm gonna see my trainer, and I'll definitely be gone for, like, three hours. Okay. Well, I gotta go. Have fun."

Gabrielle's Car

Gabrielle, in her parked car, turns the baby monitor on and listens. She hears:

Lynette: "Not here, Penny. Mommy's gotta change you now 'cause you stink."

Gabrielle pulls her car forward a few feet. She hears:

Xiao-Mei: "Here, taste this."

Carlos: "Oh, man! Xiao-Mei, that is amazing."

Xiao-Mei: "You like?"

Carlos: "Oh, yeah. Sorry if I'm making a mess."

Xiao-Mei: "It's okay. Mu Shu Pork. Supposed to be messy."

Carlos: "I wish Gabrielle could cook like this. Have you ever tried her enchiladas?"

Xiao-Mei: "One time. They make me sick."

Gabrielle turns off the monitor and throws it on the seat beside her.

Susan's Trailer

Susan is unraveling Christmas lights. Julie enters.

Susan: "Mike still hasn't seen the invitation."

Julie: "Ah. He will, and he'll meet you for a romantic motor home rendezvous, and you'll propose, he'll accept, and you'll both live happily ever after."

Susan: "You really think that's what's gonna happen?"

Julie: "It's my deepest hope. Oh, there he is."

She sees Mike come out on his porch. Mike finds the card on his bannister. Inside is a card with a map to Susan's trailer and written "Bring some champagne and your heart and meet me at 8:30 at Lover's Point on Torch Lane. XOXO Susan."

Mike smiles. He sees Susan looking out her trailer and nods yes.

Susan: "We're in."

Flashback - 2 Years Ago - Fairview Hospital

Lynette is lying in a hospital bed. Tom is holding a newborn.

Tom: "Polly? That's a good name."

Lynette: "No way."

Tom: "Pamela."

Lynette: "I said I wanted Penny."

Tom: "Oh, Lynette."

Lynette: "Eight hours of grueling labor."

Tom: "It's not fair. "

Lynette: "Neither are stretch marks, but what are you gonna do?"

Tom: "I've only known one Penny in my whole life, and she was a slut."

Lynette: "Isn't your aunt named Penny?"

Tom: "Yeah, that's her."

Lynette: "Our daughter is officially named. You may go now."

Tom: "All right, I'll let you win this one, but I get to name the next one."

Lynette grabs him by the arm and pulls him close.

Lynette: "You promised me we'd stop at four. Remember? You wanted four kids, I wanted one, and somehow we compromised on four. Can we please stop now?"

Tom: "Lynette, you're hurting me."

Lynette: "I will stop as soon as you promise."

Tom: "Okay, I promise."

Lynette: "Okay."

Tom: "Honey, I, I didn't mean to upset ya. It's just, we've been so happy."

Lynette: "Sweetie, sometimes when you're at work, and I'm home alone with three young boys, I'm not so happy, and now I'm gonna be alone with four kids. Each one is a blessing, yes, but I don't think I can take any more blessings. More blessings could make me lose my mind. Do you understand?"

Tom: "Yeah."

Lynette: "Thank you."

Tom: "Honey, that really hurt."

Lynette: "Did it hurt for eight hours?"

Tom: "No."

Lynette: "Okay, then."

Present Day - Outside Lynette's House - Daytime

Lynette: "I must have been crazy, agreeing to this."

Tom: "Honey, you're gonna feel differently once you meet Kayla. She is sweet, smart little girl, plus it'll help you get past your resentment of Nora."

Lynette: "I don't...well, here goes."

A taxi pulls up in front of their house.

Nora: "Hey, you! You must be Lynette."

Lynette: "And you must be Nora.

Nora: "I guess it'd be weird if we hugged."

Lynette: "Probably."

Tom: "Where's Kayla?"

Nora: "Oh, she didn't come. We got into this huge fight, and I was, like, I just couldn't stand to look at her face on that long plane trip, so I dumped her at the neighbors. But, hey, come on, you got me."

Restaurant

Nora: "So, anyway, Kayla is doing great. She's so pretty. She's so smart. She's practically a star on her soccer team. I have the cutest picture."

Tom: "You know, we wouldn't need a picture if you had actually brought her like you promised."

Nora: "Oh, gosh, I'm sorry. You know, but I just haven't had much time to get away on my own since, um, I've been taking care of your kid for the past eleven years, super dad."

Tom: "Okay, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. I know it's been hard. You've done an amazing job."

Nora: "Thank you. I think, so, too. Apology accepted. Anyway, I wasn't sure that I wanted Kayla here if we were gonna talk about business."

Lynette: "Business?"

Nora: "I was hoping that we could talk about child support since I've got, like, eleven years coming to me, right?"

Tom: "You never told me I had a daughter."

Nora: "My lawyer thinks that I have a very good case."

Lynette: "We can't afford this. We have four kids. Tom just lost his job. That'd bankrupt us."

Nora: "I'm the bad guy now when he's the one that knocked me up and abandoned his child?"

Lynette: "How could he abandon her if he didn't even know she existed?"

Nora: "That doesn't let him off the hook. You know, you'd better do right by me unless, of course, you wanna be known as Mrs. Deadbeat Dad!"

Tom: "Okay, just take it easy."

Lynette: "Are we just gonna keep talking louder? Is that the plan? You wanna just keep raising your voice 'cause that's how you get what you want, right? You make a scene, you throw a tantrum, and everyone gets scared and backs off. Well, I don't work that way, lady. I don't care that my husband was so phenomenally stupid and-or drunk to actually have s*x with you. I'm not gonna let it ruin my life." (loudly) "Am I talking loud enough for that to get through to you?"

Tom: "I'm just gonna pay the bill."

Outside Susan's House

Susan: "Karl, we've been through a lot together. We will always be connected by Julie, but, I know why you bought me that house, and I'm not moving into it."

Karl: "Susie, come on, I..."

Susan: "Karl, we are not getting back together. Not ever.You need to just stop and realize that it's over. I'm gonna marry Mike. So, I need you to sign these because I have to be divorced first."

Karl: "Mike popped the question?"

Susan: "No, he was going to, but then you clocked him in the mouth with a salad shooter, remember? Actually, I'm gonna pop the question to him tomorrow night."

Karl: "Guess it cuts down on the suspense knowing he bought you a ring."

Susan: "You would think so, but, no, it doesn't."

Karl: "This is a lot to ask from a man who still loves you, Susie."

Susan: "I know. But if you really do love me, you'll let me go."

Karl: "Okay, Susie. I can do that. Well, you know where to find me if it doesn't work out."

Susan: "Oh, shut up."

Karl signs the papers.

Lynette's House - Nighttime

Lynette and Tom are sitting on the bed with all their financial papers in front of them.

Lynette: "I don't see another way to make this work. We've gotta dip into the pensions."

Tom: "Oh, I don't like the sound of that."

Lynette: "Well, it's that or the kids' college fund. We'll write Nora one big check, and in return, she'll sign away her claim for the back child support. If we're lucky, she'll take the bird in the hand."

Tom: "Okay, what are we talking about? How much?"

Lynette: "We need to show her we're serious. Thirty thousand?"

Tom: "Are you kidding? Thirty?"

Lynette: "If she takes you to court, we'll lose and end up paying eleven years of child support all at once. We could lose the house."

Tom: "Oh, we are screwed. We are just plain screwed."

Lynette: "Tom! I am trying very hard to be strong right now and you melting down is not helping me."

Tom: "I'm sorry."

Lynette: "I know we're using up a huge chunk of our savings but if it keeps that crazy woman out of our life, it is the best money we have ever spent. We will be okay."

Fairview Meadows Psychiatric Hospital

Bree is in Dr. Barr's office.

Dr. Barr: "Hey there. I was surprised to hear you wanted a session."

Bree: "Well, there's nothing like being tied to a bed to change a girl's mind."

Dr. Barr: "What do you wanna talk about?"

Bree: "Anything at all. As you said, I, I have a lot of issues."

Dr. Barr: "Well, I assumed as much when you told the ridiculous story about your daughter running off with a murderer."

Bree: "Saw right through that, did ya?"

Dr. Barr: "Well, I'm a trained professional, Bree. The human mind is my playground."

Bree: "Well, I'm glad that you're having fun."

Dr. Barr: "I'm sorry. I don't mean to be flip, but you came here because you were troubled and then you refuse any help we give you."

Bree is raking the Zen garden in jagged patterns.

Bree: "Things were falling apart at home, and I just, I just needed a place to rest, that's all."

Dr. Barr: "I think there's more to it than that."

Bree: "Do you?"

Dr. Barr: "I think it has to do with your kids. You don't want to talk about them. Why is that?"

Bree: "Probably because I'm ashamed."

Dr. Barr: "Ashamed?"

Bree: "My children were my life. They were the reason that I got up in the morning, so to have failed them as a parent..."

Dr. Barr: " You think you failed them as a parent?"

Bree: "Well, my son is a sociopath and my daughter hates me enough to have run away from home. I'm certainly not gonna get mother of the year anytime soon."

Dr. Barr: "If your kids were here right now, what would you tell them?"

Bree: "I would beg my son, Andrew, for forgiveness for having given up on him, and I would tell my daughter not to worry, that I have a plan to protect her."

Dr. Barr: "And just what is that plan?"

Bree picks up the sand garden and throws it in the doctor's face. She calmly walks out of his office. The alarm sounds. Orson is sitting, reading to his friend. He sees Bree. She motions him to be quiet. Guards come in, unlocking the door. They run in, Bree grabs the door before it can close, and runs out. Orson smiles at her. Bree runs out of the building.

Lynette's House

Lynette, Gabrielle, and Susan are having coffee.

Susan: "So, I've got everything ready to go: flowers, candles, Elvis Costello CD all cued up."

Gabrielle: "But who has the ring?"

Susan: "He does."

Gabrielle: "So, wait, you're gonna get down on one knee, pop the question, and while you're down there, dig in his pocket?

Lynette: "What if you pull out his key chain?"

Susan: "Then I'm gonna have to find a way to force it on my finger."

Sounds from Penny's baby monitor.

Carlos (on the monitor): "Oh, Xiao-Mei, where'd you learn to kiss like that?"

Lynette: "Sorry, that's Penny's baby monitor. It's always picking up weird frequencies."

Gabrielle: "No, no, no, no, no! Don't turn it off."

From the monitor:

Carlos: "Oh! Move over. My knees hit the dashboard.

Xiao-Mei: "I move seat back, better?"

Carlos: "Oh, yeah."

Lynette turns the monitor off. Gabrielle runs home. She kicks off her shoes as she's running. She looks in the garage and sees Carlos and Xiao-Mei necking in the car.

Later, Xiao-Mei comes in the front door quietly. Her hair is all mussed. Gabrielle is sitting on the stairs.

Gabrielle: "Are you done with my husband?"

Xiao-Mei nods. Gabrielle bolts the front door.

Gabrielle: "Good. I have a little project for you."

Carlos is standing on the front yard. Gabrielle and Xiao-Mei throwall of Carlos' clothes from the deck upstairs.

Carlos: "Okay, Gaby, can we please talk about this? You're the one that gave me permission, remember? You said, go have s*x with somebody!"

Gabrielle: "To have meaningless s*x, Carlos. Not to sleep with the woman who's carrying our child!"

Carlos: "What is the matter? Look, we're even! You had an affair, and I had an affair!"

Gabrielle: "I had a reason to.You were never here! I've been here, Carlos. I have tried so hard to not be selfish and to put your needs above mine. I mean, for god sakes, look at me! I have agreed to be a mother for you!"

Carlos: "Look, Gaby, you have every right to be mad at me. So, I'm gonna go and check into a hotel room and let you cool down, but we are going to work this out."

Gabrielle: "Forget the hotel, Carlos. Get a lease."

Gabrielle pulls Xiao-Mei inside.

Xiao-Mei: "I can go now, too?"

Gabrielle: "No, you can start dinner."

Xiao-Mei: "What?"

Gabrielle: "You're not going anywhere, not as long as you have my baby in your belly."

Xiao-Mei mumbles in Chinese.

Gabrielle: "I don't know what that meant, but I didn't like the tone. So just remember, I am the boss of you, or else I'm gonna make this the worst nine months of your life."

Lynette's House

Nora: "Hi."

Lynette: "Hi. Did you get the check?"

Nora: "Yeah, I wanted to talk to you about that. Do you have a minute?"

Lynette: "Tom?"

Later, Tom, Lynette, and Nora are in the kitchen.

Nora: "I'm not the type of person that can keep things bottled up inside."

Lynette: "Really?"

Nora: "So I'm just gonna have to get this off my chest. You made me feel really bad about myself yesterday at the restaurant."

Lynette: "My sincerest apologies."

Nora: "You treated me like some sort of mercenary, like the only reason I came here was to extort money from you."

Lynette: "Well, to be honest, first, we bought you pie, then you tried to extort money from us."

Nora: "See? There it is again, Lynette, that mean streak. All I want is what's best for my child, for Tom's child."

Lynette: "As the mother of eighty percent of Tom's children, I don't think it's in their best interest for you to drive us into bankruptcy."

Nora: "Of course it isn't. Here. I signed the waiver that the lawyer sent over with the check. And I'm not even asking for any back child support."

Tom: "That's, that's, that's great. Thank you."

Nora: "See, Lynette? See? It's not all about money. It's not even a little bit about money. It's about family. 'Cause we're all a big family now."

Lynette: "Sort of."

Nora: "Which is why I took all the money that you gave me and I put it all down on the sweetest little two-bedroom house over on Arden Drive."

Tom: "Arden Drive over, over by the mall?"

Lynette: " Like, five minutes from here Arden Drive?"

Nora: "It's perfect. I could drop Kayla off here anytime so she can play with her new siblings. She can spend time with her dad."

Lynette: "Well, to be clear, how are you going to live? How are you going to pay the mortgage? You don't have a job here."

Nora: "What is your problem with me, lady? I don't understand! You don't know me. You don't know what I can do. and yet you just always, just..." (she chitters) "just--just... (she makes another noise) "always on the attack. It's ugly, and you should work on that. Here's what I think. I think that we should all work on this because I don't want every Christmas to turn ugly just because you and I don't get along."

Lynette: "Yeah, that would be a shame."

Susan's Trailer

Susan is stringing paper laterns and Christmas lights on a tree in front of her trailer. She has a table decorated with candles and wine.

Outside Mike's House

Mike comes outside and gets in his car. He drives away. A red car follows his car.

Outside Bree's House

Danielle and Matthew pull up in front of Bree's house.

Danielle: "See, I told you she wasn't home. Her car's not even here."

Matthew: "And you sure the safe is upstairs?"

Bree's House

Danielle tries to open the safe in her mother's bedroom.

Danielle: "Damn it, my mother must have changed the combination."

Matthew: "Okay. Wait here. I'll be right back."

Betty's House

Matthew gets a sledge hammer from the basement. He sees his mother's purse on the table. He starts taking the money out. Betty comes in.

Betty: "You did it. You killed Melanie. You put your jacket on her body. I saw it, Matthew. The police showed me the pictures."

Matthew: "Now you weren't there. You don't know what happened."

Betty: "Oh, god."

Matthew: "Caleb hurt her and Melanie threatened to bring us all down because of that."

Betty: "So, your solution was to make your brother think he murdered a girl and to make me think it?"

Matthew: "What other choice did I have? I knew that you wouldn't hand Caleb over to the police. I knew that you would protect him."

Betty: "I would have protected you."

Matthew: "Well, I really couldn't count on that."

Betty: "Matthew..."

Matthew: "You don't love me as much as you love Caleb. You never have."

Betty: "Perhaps. But it's because he's needed me more. You are always going to find love in the world. Don't you understand? He was only ever going to get it from me."

Matthew: "You know, I know you believe that. That's why I've tried so hard to forgive you. And who knows? Maybe one day I will."

Matthew takes the money and walks out. Betty picks up the phone and dials a number.

Operator: "Nine-one-one. What is your emergency?"

Betty: "I need the police."

Bree's House

Matthew hits the safe with the sledge hammer. It opens. Danielle pulls out stacks of money.

Danielle: "See, I told you she had cash."

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Bree is walking to her house. She sees Matthew's car parked in front and runs inside.

Bree's House

Danielle and Matthew are filling a suitcase full of food stuffs from the kitchen cabinets when Bree walks in.

Bree: "Danielle, I don't know what you're planning, but I need to talk to you right now."

Danielle: "Give it up, mom. We're leaving."

Bree: "I'm calling the police."

Bree runs to the phone. Matthew runs to it and tears it off the wall.

Bree: "Do you remember that girl, Melanie Foster? Matthew is the one who killed her."

Danielle: "I know you don't want us to be together, but that's the lamest thing I've ever heard."

Bree: "His mother told me what happened. It's true."

Matthew: "Let's go, Danielle."

They walk toward the front door. Bree runs and stands in front of it.

Danielle: "Mom, please move."

Bree: "No. I gave up on your brother, and I'm not gonna make that mistake with you."

Matthew: "We don't have time for this."

Matthew pulls out a gun and points it at Bree.

Danielle: "Where did you get that? What are you doing?"

Matthew: "Move away!"

Bree: "Danielle, I want you to get out of the house now. He's a killer."

Matthew: "Shut up!"

Danielle: "Don't point that at my mother!"

Bree: "Danielle! I'm serious, go."

Matthew: "What's wrong with you? I'm gonna shoot you"

Danielle: "Matthew, stop it!"

Bree walks toward Matthew slowly.

Bree: "If that's what it takes to get my daughter..."

Danielle: "Stop it!"

Bree: "...to see who you really are..."

Danielle: "Stop pointing that at my mother!"

Bree: "...then fine."

Danielle: "What are you doing?"

Bree: "Do it."

Danielle: "Stop!"

They hear the sound of breaking glass. Bree looks toward the window and sees a bullet hole in the glass. Matthew drops to the ground, a bullet hole in his heart. Bree grabs Danielle and pulls her away. Outside are the police with laser pointers on their guns. Danielle begins screaming. Bree grabs and holds her and the police break in.

Bree: "It's okay, baby."

Downtown Fairview - Nighttime

Mike comes out of a store carrying flowers. As he walks to his truck, the red car that was following him starts its engine.

Susan's Trailer

Susan straightens the flowers on her table as she smiles. She looks down at her left hand, holding it out as though a ring is on it.

Downtown Fairview

Mike looks at the engagement ring he has for Susan. He crosses the street to his truck. The red car comes speeding forward and hits Mike. The driver, Orson, stops to look at Mike lying in the street, then drives away quickly.

Susan's Trailer

Susan ( on her cell phone ): "Hey, it's just me again. Um, when you got the invitation, I thought that you gave me the thumbs up, but I guess if that was actually some other type of finger gesture, uh, well, I apologize for leaving you all these messages and wasting your time."

Bree's House

The coroner is wheeling Matthew out of the house. All the neighbors are out watching.

Multiple Flashbacks

"This is the street where I used to live and these were the people with whom I shared my life."

A younger Susan picks up a box.

"I met them the day they moved in..."

A younger Bree directs a mover and makes a mark on a clipboard.

"...and I saw what they brought with them."

A younger Tom carries double baby stroller into the house as Lynette watches.

"Beautiful dreams for the future..."

A younger Carlos and Gabrielle kiss..

"...and quiet hopes for a better life..."

A younger Susan hands the box to a younger Karl..

"...not just for themselves, but for their children, too."

A younger Lynette places her hands on her stomach.

"If I could, would I tell them what lies ahead?"

A younger Rex hugs Bree from behind.

"Would I warn them of the sorrow and betrayal that lie in store?"

A younger Carlos picks Gabrielle up.

A younger Mary Alice overlooks Wisteria Lane.

"No. From where I stand now, I see enough of the road to understand how it must be traveled."

Present Day

Caleb and Betty get into the moving van.

"The trip is to keep moving forward, to let go of the fear and the regret that slow us down and keep us from enjoying a journey that will be over too soon."

Betty drives the van away.

"Yes, there will be unexpected bends in the road, shocking surprises we didn't see coming, but that's really the point. Don't you think?"

Outside Bree's House

Orson gets out of his red car carrying flowers.

Bree: "Orson."

Orson: "Oh, hey. I wanted to come by and see how you were doing after your great escape and, uh, these are for you."

Bree: "How sweet and unexpected. Do you wanna come in?"

Orson: "I'd love to."
urdered."

Mike: "Any reason you haven't showed these to the police?"

Felicia: "Are you in favor of the death penalty?"

Mike: "Um, yeah."

Felicia: "So am I. We had it in Utah. Not in this state, though. A shame, don't you agree?"

Mike: "Yeah, I do."

Felicia: "I like you so much, Mr. Delfino."

Mike: "You know where Paul Young is?"

Felicia: "I'm afraid not, but I know where he'll be on Thursday night."


Gabrielle's House, Outside

"That afternoon after retrieving her mail, Gabrielle was surprised to finally learn the truth behind her pregnancy."

Gabrielle opens up a letter.

"Very surprised."

The rest of the mail drops out of her hands and lands on the ground.

Gabrielle's House, Inside

Carlos: "Hey babe, you want to go online and check out schools? What's going on?"

Gabrielle: "I just want to say goodbye, because I'm leaving you."

Carlos: "What?"

Gabrielle: "You see, your health insurance sent us a letter because someone ordered a year's worth of birth control pills, and apparently our policy doesn't cover drugs bought by the kilo."

Carlos: "I told you, it was mam."

Gabrielle: "The prescription was dated, Carlos, and Juanita was in a coma when this claim was filed. You did this, not your mother. At least be man enough to own up to it. She would've been."

She storms out of the house and is halfway across the lawn when Carlos catches up to her and grabs her arm.

Carlos: "Stop."

Gabrielle: "Ah, ah, ah pregnant, cave man, remember?"

Carlos: "Where are you going?"

Gabrielle: "Away."

Carlos: "I'm going to jail. I'll be gone tomorrow."

Gabrielle: "I know. That's why I only packed one bag."

She starts to drive off in her car.

Carlos: "What about the baby Gabrielle, huh? What about my baby?"

Gabrielle: "Oh, your baby?"

Carlos: "Fine. Our baby. Hey, we're a family now. This baby needs its mother and its father."

Gabrielle: "Oh Carlos. Whoever said you were the father?"

She drives off. Edie drives up and gets out of her car, holding a "Sold" sign.

Edie: "Hey."

Carlos begins walking quickly to her car. His ankle bracelet begins beeping.

Carlos: "Hey."

Edie: "Hey, what the hell are you doing?"

Carlos gets into her car and she quickly grabs her purse from the passenger's seat. Carlos drives off.

Edie: "Damn felon!"

Gabrielle and Carlos both drive.

In a parked police car, two cops sit. They get a call over the speaker from dispatch.

Speaker: "All units code D-1630 suspect is a violation of house arrest. Currently headed west on Park Boulevard."

Policeman: "Um, this is unit fourteen we're on our way. Looks like the feds have a runner."

Policeman #2: "Lets go."

John and Justin's Apartment, Inside

Justin, in a robe, starts to take a bite of a sandwich, but is interrupted by a knock on the door. He answers it and finds Gabrielle there.

Gabrielle: "Is John here?"

Justin: "If I say no, are you gonna slap me again? He's working. Why?"

Gabrielle: "I just left my husband."

John and Justin's Apartment, Outside

Carlos pulls up across the street from where Gabrielle's car is parked. He sees Gabrielle and Justin come out of the building and he slouches down so they can't see him. Gabrielle and Justin hug. Gabrielle walks to her car.

John and Justin's Apartment, Inside

Justin starts to take a bite of his sandwich, but again is interrupted by a knock on the door.

Justin: "Hang on."

He opens the door and finds Carlos there. Carlos punches him and as Justin falls to the floor, Carlos begins kicking him.

Carlos: "Think just because you mow my lawn you can bang my wife?"

John and Justin's Apartment, Outside

The policecar pulls up to where Carlos's car is parked. The cops get out and run towards the apartment.

John and Justin's Apartment, Inside

Carlos is still kicking Justin when the police rush in and grab Carlos.

Police: "Hey, hey, hey, get off."

They slam him against the wall.

Peterson Advertising

Tom comes out of his office. He sees in Dan's office that Annabel is shaking Dan's hand and seems very happy. She leaves, smiling.

Tom: "Hey, what's going on?"

Annabel: "Oh Tom, I have had the craziest day. This morning the guys from Mitchell and Currents called me in. They offered me a job."

Tom: "Well, are you gonna take it?"

Annabel: "Well, I told Peterson about it and they just upped their offer. He just made me vice president."

Tom: "Of what?"

Annabel: "Tom! The firm. He gave me Duggan's old job. Isn't that wild? I have to go tell Scotty. I'll see you later."

Dan: "Oh Tom, I was just coming to find you."

Tom: "What the hell, Dan? I mean what the hell? You promoted Annabel over me?"

Dan: "She got another job offer. I couldn't afford to lose her, not now."

Tom: "Well, guess what, you lose me, 'cause I quit."

Dan: "Tom, don't overreact."

Tom: "No, the first time you pass me by, I took it like a good soldier, but since Duggan's heart attack, I have already been doing the job, I've already been doing it, then you just hand it to Annabel?"

Dan: "Okay, you made your point."

Tom: "No, you make crappy decisions on a daily basis, Dan, I got to tell you, but this one this is the stupidest."

Dan: "Hey, watch yourself."

Tom: "You have been running this company in the ground since you got here. The way I see it, I'm getting out easy."

Dan: "All right, Scavo, you want to know why I gave that promotion to Annabel? Why she got the knot instead of you? It was Lynette."

Tom: "What?"

Dan: "She went to my wife and begged her to get me to kill your promotion. She said that if you start traveling more, it's gonna hurt your family."

Tom: "She did that?"

Dan: "Now I feel like a chump for trying to help you guys out. I guess it was another one of my crappy decisions. Have your desk cleaned out by tonight."

Dan leaves.

John and Justin's Apartment

Two EMT men lift up a gurney that has Justin on it. Carlos, with his hands handcuffed behind him, sits on the couch.

Policeman: "You want to tell us what you have against this kid?"

Carlos: "It's between him and me and my wife."

Policeman: "Is that what this is about? You're doing his wife?"

Justin: "No. I'm gay."

Policeman: "You're gay?"

Carlos: "What?"

Justin: "I'm gay."

Carlos: "This is not happening again."

Policeman #2: "What do you mean again?"

Carlos: "I want a lawyer."

Supermarket

Bree is grocery shopping. George, also grocery shopping, comes down her aisle.

Bree: "George. Hi. What are you doing here?"

George: "I'm shopping, obviously."

Bree: "Why are you shopping here? You live on the other side of town."

George: "My friend had an operation. I'm buying her some things."

Bree: "Oh, well, that's very nice of you."

George: "Wait, Bree, I have to tell you something."

Bree: "Well?"

George: "You need to tell Rex to be more discreet when it comes to discussing your love life."

Bree: "I'm sorry?"

George: "I don't want to say anything more. You just really need to tell him that."

Bree: "Wait a minute. What in the world are you talking about?"

George: "I was at the hospital, visiting my friend who had had this operation, and I overheard two doctors talking about Rex's fondness for S and M."

Bree: "You heard that?"

George: "Apparently he told them he has a box of toys? And gets you to do very inappropriate things."

Bree: "I see."

George: "Bree, this is clearly none of my business and I would've never brought this up, but to hear those two men laughing about you, I just thought you should know."

Bree: "Well, thank you for telling me, but I think, um, I've got to go."

She leaves. George walks over to her abandoned grocery cart and pops a grape into his mouth.

Mike's House, Outside

Mike pulls his truck into his driveway. Susan comes out of the house.

Mike: "Hey, I got some more boxes."

Susan gives him a long kiss.

Mike: "That's your answer for everything these days."

Susan: "So, what do you think we should do for dinner?"

Mike: "Oh, I, uh, can't. I just got an emergency phone call. Busted water main."

Susan: "Okay, I'll keep it warm for you."

Mike: "I'm afraid I'm gonna be too late for dinner."

Susan: "I wasn't talking about dinner."

Mike brings some boxes into the house and Susan opens up the car door to remove some unfolded boxes in the backseat. She finds the journal that Mike had been reading, while having tea with Felicia.

Mike: "Need some help?"

Susan: "No, no, I got it. Um, I got it. So, if you've got a plumbing emergency shouldn't you get going?"

Mike: "Um, they've already got somebody on it. I'm just a part of the relief crew."

Susan: "Well, I'll just get back to work."

Mike's House, Outside, Nighttime

Susan and Julie sit in their car, across the street from Mike's house.

Julie: "Mom, stalking? Are we really doing this? You just made such a huge deal to your friends about how much you trust him now."

Susan: "Well, that's before I found Mrs. Huber's journal in his truck."

Julie: "So, what's in it?"

Susan: "It's not about what's in it, it's about the fact that he had it at all. I would bet you anything he is not going on a plumbing job and we're gonna find out."

Julie: "Mom, if you don't trust him, why are you moving in with him?"

Susan: "I don't have time to explain adult relationships to you. Oh duck down."

Later, they drive.

Julie: "I think you lost him."

Susan: "He's six cars up. We have to stay this far back or he'll see us."

Julie: "Okay great, but we can't see him either. I got to tell you, mom, you're not great at this."

Susan: "Oh yeah? When your father was cheating on me I used to follow him all the time. I know my stuff. There he is."

Julie: "What's Mike doing? Who's that he's pulling up to?"

Susan: "I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Wait here and lock the doors."

She leaves and walks up to the SUV. She pulls open the door.

Susan: "All right what the hell are you up to?"

Inside the car is a man with a woman, both half undressed. They turn to stare at her.

Susan: "Oh my god, wow, um, okay oh, wow um, bye."

Woman in Truck: "Was that your wife?"

Man in Truck: "If that was my wife, you think I'd be here with you?"

Susan gets back in the car with Julie.

Julie: "It wasn't Mike, was it?"

Susan: "No, no it wasn't."

Prison

In a visiting room, Gabrielle looks at a drawing of Carlos. She lowers the drawing and looks at Carlos, sitting across the table from her in an orange prison jumpsuit.

Gabrielle: "They're charging you with a hate crime?"

Carlos: "You remember when our cable guy was beaten up? That was me. I thought you were cheating with him."

Gabrielle: "With our gay cable guy?"

Carlos: "I didn't know he was gay. I didn't know Justin was either. Now the cops think I'm some kind of serial gay basher."

Gabrielle: "Well you sort of are."

Carlos: "Well you provoked me. You were pretending to have an affair just to punish me."

Gabrielle: "Well, obviously."

Carlos: "So now, I need you to lie again. I need you to tell the cops you were having an affair and that I just beat up the wrong guy. Guys."

Gabrielle: "I am not lying for you, Carlos."

Carlos: "Gabby, if this charge sticks, I get sent away for eight years."

Gabrielle: "Am I supposed to be impressed? Because of your little stunt with my birth control pills, I've lost my freedom for the next eighteen years."

Carlos: "Gabby please don't do this. Gabby, don't walk away. Gabby!"

Gabrielle leaves.

Susan's Car

Susan and Julie drive back home.

Susan: "Okay next time I won't bring my daughter to stalk my boyfriend. It was a slight error in judgment. Honey, please don't give me the silent treatment."

Julie: "I'm not. Did you say you read this?"

Susan: "Yeah, part of it. Why?"

Julie: "Mrs. Huber was blackmailing Zach's mom."

Baseball Field, Nighttime

Paul stands by the bleachers, alone. He looks at his watch, then hears a noise.

Paul: "Zach?"

He turns and is punched in the face by Mike.

Bree's House

Rex lies in bed, sleeping. Slowly, he wakes up and sees Bree sitting by the window, looking out.

Rex: "What are you doing up?"

Bree: "Couldn't sleep, so I was just sitting here thinking."

Rex: "About what?"

Bree: "You really want to know?"

Rex: "Bree, I'm not feeling too hot right now so just tell me. What's up?"

Bree: "I was thinking that the biggest mistake of my entire life was agreeing to marry you."

Rex: "Let me guess. I've done something wrong."

Bree: "Forcing me to share in your depraved pasttime wasn't bad enough, you had to share my humiliation with your co-workers?"

Rex: "What?"

Bree: "Rex, everybody is talking about our s*x life. Every sordid little detail right down to that box of perversions you keep in your closet."

Rex: "Bree, I, I never said anything to anyone. I swear to god."

Bree: "You're a liar."

Rex: "Who told you this?"

Bree: "It doesn't matter."

Rex: "It does matter because I never said anything."

Bree: "Well then how do people know because we both know that I wouldn't say anything."

Rex: "Why would I tell people about what we do in bed?"

Bree: "I don't know Rex. Maybe you were bragging or maybe you just subconsciously wanted to hurt me. Well, congratulations, you did it. I am officially destroyed."

Rex: "I didn't say anything."

Bree: "I don't believe you."

Rex: "Oh, oh."

Bree: "Rex? What is it?"

Rex: "I think I'm having a heart attack."

Bree: "No, you're not."

Rex: "Bree, you're gonna have to take me to the hospital."

Bree: "Um, all right. You, uh, go downstairs and I will be, I'll be right there."

She hands him his robe and he leaves the room.

Later, Rex sits at the bottom of the stairs, leaning against the side of the rails, his eyes closed. Danielle comes down the stairs.

Danielle: "Daddy? What are you doing?"

Rex: "I'm waiting for your mother to take me to the emergency room."

Danielle: "What's wrong?"

Rex: "I'm having a heart attack."

Danielle: "Oh my god. Where is she?"

Rex: "That's a good question."

Danielle runs back upstairs and into Bree's bedroom, where Bree is calmly making the bed.

Danielle: "Daddy says he's having a heart attack."

Bree: "I know. I'm gonna take him to the hospital."

Danielle: "Well when?"

Bree: "When I finish making the bed."

Danielle: "What?"

Bree: "I never leave the house with an unmade bed. You know that."

Danielle: "But daddy needs to go to the hospital."

Bree: "There. Now we can go."

She walks slowly past Danielle.

Peterson Advertising, Nighttime

As a janitor mops the floors in the outer room, Tom puts his belongings into a box.

"Nothing is forever and the time comes when we all must say goodbye to the world we knew."

Jail Cell

Carlos holds a picture of Gabrielle and himself, while sitting in his jail cell.

"Goodbye to everything we had taken for granted."

Hospital

Lying on a gurney, Rex is wheeled away. Standing by a nurses station, Bree watches him go.

"Goodbye to those we though would never abandon us."

Outside

A moving van pulls up to the Mullins' old house.

"And when these changes finally do occur, when the familiar has departed and the unfamiliar has taken its place, all any of us can really do is to say hello and welcome."

A teenager gets out of the driver's side and goes around the van to the passenger side, where he opens the door. A woman steps out and the two of them look at the house, then walk up to the front door.

Ida Greenberg comes out her front door holding a paper bag with a bottle hidden inside.

"It was an accepted fact among the residents of Wisteria Lane that Ida Greenberg liked her liquor."

She looks around to see if anyone is looking then drinks from the bottle.

"People had seen her drunk at sewing bees..."

Bree sitting on a couch with various neighbors, Ida included. She hiccups.

"...the Department of Motor Vehicles..."

Lynette standing in line at the DMV. Ida is one person ahead of her. She hiccups.

"...and the first Methodist church."

Edie Britt is sitting in a church pew behind Ida, who burps.

"Ida had tried to quit drinking many times, but she couldn't."

Ida staggers down the street, holding the bottle. She looks up to the sky.

"Then one night in a moment of despair, she challenged God to quench her never-ending thirst."

Ida drinks from the bottle as Mike Delfino's truck comes around the corner.

"Luckily for Ida, God was listening."

Mike pulls his truck into his driveway. He gets out and opens the front door.

Mike's House

Mike enters his house and sees Zach standing there, holding a gun. Susan is sitting at the kitchen table. Bongo, Mike's dog, begins whining, barking and growling. Zach slowly raises the gun at Mike.

Mike: "Zach, listen to me."

Zach pulls the hammer of the gun back. Susan leaps out of her chair and rushes toward Zach.

Susan: "No!"

Susan knocks Zach over and the gun goes flying. Mike pulls Zach off Susan and pushes him to the wall. Susan rolls away and picks up the gun. She points it toward where Zach is.

Susan: "Not so tough now, are you?"

Bongo continues barking. He runs at Susan and bites her pant leg. He pulls on her jeans.

Susan: "Uh! Ow! Oh! Bongo, no! Bongo! Bongo! Oh!"

Mike turns and sees Bongo biting Susan. He rushes toward Susan and lets Zach go.

Mike: "Bongo, no!"

Mike pulls Bongo off Susan. Susan falls into the chair and the gun she is holding goes off.

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Ida is holding the bottle. The bullet hits the bottle Ida is holding and shatters. Ida stands there holding the broken bottle.

Mike's House

In the confusion, Zach runs out of Mike's house and down the street.

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Ida looks down at the broken bottle then up to the sky.

"It was at that moment it occurred to Ida, God may work in mysterious ways, but he isn't particularly subtle."

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Inside Mary Alice Young's house, a picture of her sits on a table, with spiderwebs on it.

"It had been a year since my death, and a lot had changed on Wisteria Lane. Children had learned new games."

Outside young boys shout and play ball.

"New neighbors had moved in."

Mrs. Applewhite and her son, Matthew, are in their front yard taking down the real estate signs.

"Old houses had been rebuilt..."

Edie Britt's house in construction looks almost completed. Edie is outside directing the workman.

Edie: "I told you guys twice. Okay, Craig, what's going on? Let's see."

"And fresh tragedies had occurred. In one house, a widow was getting ready to tell her friends of her husband's passing."

Bree's House

Bree is sitting at the dining room table. In front of her is a small framed painting of her and Rex on their wedding day. Her hand rests patiently on the cordless phone, watching the clock which read 5 minutes to 9:00.

"But until the time was right, she would wait. And life, as it tends to do, would go on."

Bree continues to watch the seconds tick by on the clock.

Hospital Room

Susan is in a hospital gown with cotton in her mouth and swollen lips.

Susan: "I look like hell. I need a hairbrush."

Julie approaches and lightly fluffs her mom's pillow.

Julie: "Yeah, um, that's not gonna help."

Mike and a police officer enter the room.

Mike: "Susan, Officer Romslo is here for your statement."

The officer looks at Susan's swollen lips.

Officer Romslo Romslo: "Zach Young do that?"

Mike: "No. Uh, she fell. Bit her lip. It was an accident."

Officer Romslo: "Okay. So, uh, walk me through what happened."

Susan ( mumbling ): "Well, I went over Mike's to feed the dog."

Officer Romslo: "I'm sorry?"

Julie: "Feed the dog."

Susan removes the bloody cotton from her mouth.

Susan: "Uh, and I turned around, and there was Zach Young - and that's Zach with an "h" - pointing a gun at me."

Julie points to the cotton.

Julie: "The doctor said keep that in."

Susan puts the cotton back in her mouth.

Susan: "Ouch."

Mike: "You gotta understand, Zach's had a tough time. He's got emotional issues"

Susan: "Yeah, he's crazy!"

Mike: "Still, I don't think he meant to hurt anybody."

Susan: "Uh, hello! Uh, he was waiting there for you to come home so he could kill you."

Officer Romslo: "Is that what happened when you got home? The kid took a shot at you?"

Mike: "Actually, Susan fired the gun."

Susan spits out the cotton.

Susan: "Okay, that's because I was wrestling it away from Zach so that he wouldn't shoot you."

The officer stares at Susan as her mouth begins to bleed again.

Susan: "Oh, God! Oh, there's blood."

Julie: "Could we do this later? She's kind of a mess right now."

Susan: "Yeah."

Mike: "Yeah, I think I can fill in the rest for you."

Officer Romslo: "I'd appreciate it. You feel better, Mrs. Mayer."

Susan: "Thanks."

Officer Romslo and Mike leave the room.

Susan: "Ow! That hurts."

Julie: "I'm gonna get you more ice. "

Susan: "Okay."

Hospital Hallway

Julie comes out of the room and sees Mike and the officer talking. They don't see her.

Mike: "No, I'm telling you. Susan really flew off the handle when she jumped the kid."

Julie looks shocked.

Officer Romslo: "So you're saying this was more of a domestic squabble?"

Mike: "Definitely, yeah. Are we required to press charges?"

Officer Romslo: "Well, you're not really required, but it's something you should really consider when a handgun is involved."

They walk out of Julie's hearing. Julie stares after them, then goes to get ice. The clock on the wall reads 4 minutes to 9:00.

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle gets out of the shower and wraps a towel around herself. She looks on the floor and sees rose petals strewn all over the floor. She follows the petals into her bedroom and finds John laying on her bed, in his boxer shorts, drinking from a champagne flute.

Gabrielle: "John! How did you get in here?"

John: "I know where you keep the key. Mimosa?"

Gabrielle: "No, I'm pregnant, you jackass!"

John: "I made yours with seltzer."

Gabrielle: "Do you have any idea what you've done? That little stunt you pulled yesterday in the courtroom could get Carlos sent away for eight years!"

John: "Yeah, I thought you might be a little mad about that. But once you calm down, you'll see that it's just the two of us. It's gonna be awesome."

Gabrielle sees John's duffle bag on the floor.

Gabrielle: "You brought luggage?"

Gabrielle, still wrapped in a towel, carries the bag down the stairs. John follows her to the front door.

John: "He's gone. We don't have to sneak around anymore. We can have a real relationship. It's what's best for the three of us."

Gabrielle: "The three of us? How exactly does that benefit Carlos?"

John: "I'm talking about my baby."

Gabrielle: "You don't know it's your baby. I don't even know it's your baby. And I don't wanna know 'cause it doesn't matter!"

Gabrielle opens the front door and throws John's bag outside, grunting.

John: "So what, you don't love me?"

Gabrielle: "Well, up until the point that you told my husband we were having an affair, I was quite fond of you. Since then, not a fan!"

Gabrielle shoves John outside and slams the door. The clock shows 2 minutes to 9:00.

Lynette's House

Lynette comes running downstairs, dressed professionally, with a briefcase in her hand.

Lynette: "Hey!"

Tom: "Hey."

The kids are sitting in the living room, finger painting.

Lynette: "Oh, why on earth would you let them finger paint before breakfast?"

Tom: "It's my job to clean that up now, so it's my call, right?"

Lynette pours herself coffee.

Lynette: "You're right. I'm sorry."

Tom: "Hey, I thought the meeting wasn't until one."

Lynette: "Oh, I have a thousand things to do before that. Borrow a decent scarf from Bree, buy a lipstick I don't hate."

Parker runs up to Lynette, holding a picture. His hands are covered in finger paint.

Parker: "Mommy, Mommy, look!"

Lynette quickly backs away.

Lynette: "Aah! No! No! No, nobody touches Mommy, okay? I love you, I love your finger painting, but if you touch me with those messy hands, I will cut them off."

Lynette places her fingertip on Parker's head and turns him away from her.

Lynette: "Go on. Off. Good."

Tom: "It's okay. A little nervous?"

Lynette: "Who, me? I've been out of work for seven years, I'm a woman of a certain age in a business that values youth above all else. Why should I be nervous?"

Tom: "You are experienced. You are brilliant. You are going to nail this job interview, okay?"

Lynette: "Thank you."

Tom approaches her and leans in for a kiss.

Lynette: "Uh, no. I can't. You're very, so..."

Tom: "Yeah."

Lynette: "Thank you. Here."

Lynette leans over and carefully kisses Tom on the lips.

Lynette: "Oh, my cell phone."

She runs upstairs.

The clock on the counter shows 1 minute to 9:00.

Bree's House

Bree is sitting with her hand on the cordless phone, tapping it as she watches the seconds tick to 9:00. The clock chimes 9:00 a.m. Bree picks up the phone and dials.

Bree: "Lynette, hi, it's Bree. I do hope I'm not calling too early. Hmm? Oh, of course you can borrow that scarf. I'll press it for you. Um, I have, uh, some news. Rex died."

Gabrielle's Front Porch

Susan, holding an ice bag on her mouth, sits with Lynette and Gabrielle.

Susan: "I thought they were gonna operate. What happened?"

Lynette: "Apparently Rex's heart just gave out."

Susan: "Oh, my god. So when can we see Bree?"

Lynette: "She said she was gonna call. She's got a lot of things to do, planning for the funeral, that sort of thing."

Gabrielle: "She doesn't look that busy to me."

They all turn and see Bree standing by her trash can in the driveway, holding a carton of milk. They walk up to her.

Lynette: "Hi. What are you doing out here?"

Bree: "Oh, I'm just waiting for, uh, Rex's mother. She's gonna be here any second. "

Gabrielle: "Honey, we are so sorry."

Bree: "Oh, do one of you drink soy milk? I was cleaning out the fridge this morning, and Rex is the only one who drinks it. I just bought it on Friday. I'd hate to throw it away."

Lynette, Susan and Gabrielle shake their heads no.

Bree: "What a waste."

Bree puts the milk into the trash can.

Lynette: "Aw, sweetie."

Susan: "Honey, you can let it out."

Bree: "No. No, I can't afford to fall apart right now."

Susan: "Why?"

Bree: "You're about to find out."

A taxi comes squealing around the corner. A woman is sticking her head out the back window, shouting.

Phyllis: "Bree! Oh, stop here. This is the house."

Susan: "Is that?"

Bree: "Yes, that is Rex's mother."

The woman sobs as she climbs out of the cab and staggers over to where the women are standing.

Phyllis: "I can't believe it. It's like some hideous nightmare. My life is over! My life is over!"

She clings to Bree.

Bree pats her on the back and the ladies stare at Rex's mother.

Advertising Agency

A young man carries a plate of food into the office where Lynette is sitting with an interviewer, Nina Fletcher. Phones ring in the background.

Nina: "It appears there's a seven-year gap since your last position. What, did you take some time off?"

Lynette: "I was a stay-at-home mom. I wish it had taken time off."

Nina: "Boy or girl?"

Lynette: "A girl. And three boys."

Nina: "Four kids?"

Lynette: "Yeah, of course, they won't get in the way of the job because my husband's staying home with them from now on."

Nina: "I knew I could never do both jobs justice. That's why I chose not to have a family. I didn't want to be one of those kind of women. You know, sloughing things off onto coworkers because of a pediatrician appointment or a dance recital. I get really neurotic about putting people out."

Lynette: "With all due respect, Nina, won't be an issue. I can leave home at home."

Nina: "And it's not gonna break your heart to leave those sad little faces behind?"

Lynette: "Are you kidding? This office is paradise. Grown-ups talking about grown-up things. No screaming, no vomiting, no boogers under the table. You're gonna have to drag me outta here kicking and screaming - weekends, holidays, whenever."

Nina: "All right, Ed wants to make the final decision. So I will bring you back tomorrow at three for a follow-up."

Lynette: "Well, that, that sounds great. Thank you."

Nina: "Lynette, be early. Show me something."

Lynette: "Okay."

Bree's House

Danielle is helping her grandmother unpack her suitcase. Andrew is sitting at the table. Danielle picks up a teddy bear from the suitcase.

Danielle: "No way. Dad did not have a teddy bear."

Phyllis: "He most certainly did. Oh, that was Doolittle. Your father never went anywhere without him."

Bree walks into the room carrying a tea tray.

Bree: "Here's your tea, Phyllis."

Phyllis: "Oh. [picks up an orange tie from the suitcase] Oh! Look, Bree. This was the tie that Rex wore when he graduated from prep school. I think he should wear it. You know, for the funeral?"

Bree: "Phyllis, that's an orange tie."

Phyllis: "Well, those were his school colors: green and orange."

Bree: "Well, um, he's being buried in a blue suit."

Andrew gets up and walks to the suitcase.

Phyllis: "Maybe he could be buried in a different suit."

Bree: "I don't think so, but thank you, though."

Andrew: "You, uh, you kept dad's old comic books?"

Phyllis: "Oh, yes, I kept everything. Look here. I even kept the dirty magazine that he hid under his mattress. He didn't think I knew about it, but I did."

Andrew: "Well, looks like dad was into big breasts."

Phyllis: "Oh, yes. That's why I was surprised when he married your mother."

Bree stares at Phyllis. Phyllis meets Bree's eyes and Bree smiles.

Jail Visiting Room

Carlos sits back in his chair, not talking to Gabrielle sitting across from him.

Gabrielle: "So you're just not gonna talk to me, is that it? Fine. I don't need to talk. Okay. Yes, I had a little affair. It wasn't the best thing to do, and I'm not proud of it. But it's not the worst thing that could have happened. Nobody died. Oh, don't be such a martyr, Carlos. Okay, it takes two people. How many times did you go off on your little business trips and leave me alone? See, so technically, you cheated, too. It's just your mistress was your work."

Carlos stands up from the table and starts to walk away.

Gabrielle: "No, okay. That was a stretch. I'm sorry. Carlos, wait! Come back. Look, I wanna start over. We're gonna have a baby. Isn't that what you always wanted? Carlos, wait! I said I was sorry and I love you! What more do you want?"

Carlos: "I want a paternity test."

Betty's House

Betty Applewhite is sweeping her front porch as Bree and Danielle approach. Bree is holding a basket of cookies.

Bree: "Mrs. Applewhite, hi. I am Bree Van de Kamp, and this is my daughter Danielle."

Betty: "Hello."

Danielle: "Hi."

Matthew: "Hey, I'm Matthew."

Betty: "This is my son."

Bree: "Hi. I would have been over sooner to introduce myself, but I'm afraid there's been a death in my family."

Danielle: "My dad."

Betty: "I'm so sorry."

Matthew: "I lost my dad, too. I know what you must be going through right now."

Danielle: "Thank you."

Bree: "Anyway, I'm afraid that my visit has an ulterior motive. The organist at our church is on vacation, and Edie Britt mentioned that you used to be a concert pianist, and - "

Betty: "I would be honored to play for you. Why don't I bring some sheet music over later and we can plan some selections?"

Bree: "Thank you. That's just a huge weight off my shoulders. [She hands the cookies to Betty] Oh, these are for you."

Betty: "How sweet. Bree, we widows have to stick together."

Bree: "Bye."

Bree and Danielle leave.

Betty: "Pretending your father's dead? Don't you find that a little morbid?"

Matthew: "Well, I just thought it could help our cover story, okay? Just, you know, win 'em over."

Betty: "Oh, sweetie. I know you meant well. But in the future, you leave the cleverness to me."

Betty walks into the house, carrying the cookies.

Susan's Front Yard

Susan is pounding a security sign into the grass as Julie approaches.

Julie: "Since when are we protected by Dorset security?"

Susan: "We're not. It's a deterrent in case Zach comes back. I told Mike I didn't sleep last night, so he got me this sign. That guy is so supportive. You know he's out right now in a ride-along with the police searching for Zach?"

Julie: "Really?"

Susan: "Yeah. He's determined to see that kid behind bars. So tomorrow at school, I want you to let everybody know that we got this new, expensive security system."

Julie: "Mom."

Susan: "Just work it into the conversation. You know, put the word out there."

Julie: "I've gotta tell you something."

Susan: "Emphasize the motion detectors."

Julie: "Mom, stop, stop. Listen."

Susan: "What? What is it?"

Julie: "Yesterday I overheard Mike telling that cop that he didn't wanna press charges against Zach. He made the whole thing sound like it was your fault."

Susan: "My fault?"


Hospital

Gabrielle enters the Prenatal and Neonatal Care Department and approaches the desk. A young lady with multi-colored hair and various face piercings is sitting behind the desk, reading.

Gabrielle: "Hi, uh, I need a paternity test."

Receptionist: "Well, we'll just schedule you for an exam."

Gabrielle: "Oh, no, no. I don't need to take a test. I am just trying to reassure my husband of what I know is true in my heart. So if you could just slip me someone else's test results, I could make my own. I got Photoshop for Christmas. Oh, come on. You look like a fun-loving girl. I am sure you've been in a couple hairy situations of your own."

Receptionist: "Just because I choose to express myself doesn't mean that I condone adultery. Sorry."

The receptionist walks away and Gabrielle turns and sees a young lady sitting down looking at a sheet of paper and crying. Gabrielle walks over to her and sits down.

Gabrielle: "Paternity test results? I know. I'm in the same situation."

Woman: "Really?"

Gabrielle: "Mm-hmm."

Woman: "I just found out the clinic screwed up and gave me an egg that belonged to some lesbian. It was supposed to implanted in her lover, and now my husband's freaking out because he thinks that our baby's gonna be gay!"

Gabrielle: "Okay. We're in slightly different situations. But do you wanna get a cup of coffee and talk about it?"

Woman: "Yeah. That'd be nice. Thanks."

Gabrielle: "Yeah. Us girls have to stick together. We shouldn't let a stupid piece of paper ruin our life."

Gabrielle pulls the paper from the woman's hands.

Woman: "Yeah!"

The woman gets up and walks off. Gabrielle follows, folding the paper neatly.

Bree's Living Room

The Reverend, Bree, and Phyllis are sitting. Phyllis takes sheets of paper out of her purse and writes things down.

Reverend: "Obviously, I've known Rex for years, but when it comes to writing a eulogy, I like as much input from the family as possible."

Bree: "Oh. Well, um, what kind of input?"

Phyllis: "Oh, he means anecdotes, little stories. Isn't that what you mean, Reverend?"

Reverend: "Well, yes, but, uh, also-"

Phyllis: "I thought that you might need some help, so last night I stayed up all night and tried to remember funny things and moments that said so much about Rex as a person."

Reverend: "My. How, how many pages do you have there?"

Phyllis: "Fifteen."

Phyllis stands to hand the Reverend the sheets. Bree reaches over and grabs them from Phyllis' hand. They all sit down. Bree begins reading the sheets.

Phyllis: "Well, you're hardly going to have to write anything at all, Reverend. Some of those anecdotes are just priceless."

Bree: "Phyllis, these are all things that happened to Rex before he went to college."

Phyllis: "So?"

Bree: "Well, don't you think it'd be nice if Reverend devoted part of the eulogy to his life after he was married?"

Phyllis: "Oh, well, yes, of course. The Reverend will mention that part of his life."

Bree: "He's going to do more than mention it. That's the part he'll focus on. In fact, I think three anecdotes from Rex's childhood is more than enough."

She hands the Reverend several of the sheets.

Reverend: "Um, that, that seems fair."

Phyllis: "Well, whatever you think is appropriate."

Reverend: "Fine."

Phyllis: "I just thought if we were going to focus on a time in Rex's life, that we might as well focus on the happiest time."

Reverend: "Let's talk flowers. Now I know lilies are traditional, but I think I can get you a deal on some white roses."

Bree: "Reverend, if you don't call her on that incredibly insensitive comment, I'm gonna lose it."

Reverend: "I'm sure she didn't mean it the way it sounded."

Phyllis: "I knew exactly what I was saying."

Reverend: "Ladies!"

Bree: "The happiest time in Rex's life was not his childhood. He loved being a husband and he loved being a father."

Phyllis: "He may have loved being a father, but your marriage was a disaster."

Bree: "Phyllis, is there something you'd like to say?"

Phyllis: "You made the last years of Rex's life miserable and now he's dead and he'll never have another chance at happiness."

Bree: "You are no longer invited to the funeral."

Phyllis: "What?"

Reverend: "You're not serious?"

Bree: "Oh, yes, I am. I am going to hire security, and those security men are going to have sticks and if you so much as set foot in that sanctuary, they will be instructed to beat you with those sticks"

Reverend: "Bree, this is your grief talking."

Bree: "Reverend, if you don't back me up on this, so help me, I will pull the funeral out of your church."

Reverend: "Bree!"

Bree: "I am not kidding. I will go nondenominational so fast, it will make your head spin."

Bree smiles at Phyllis and walks out of the room.

Edie's Construction Site

Edie is drinking coffee as Susan approaches.

Edie: "Ugh. [she throws the cup away] Susan! I heard what happened with Zach. How are you doing?"

Susan: "Fine. Is Mike here?"

Edie: "Inside. Jeez. You must have been terrified. I mean, he put poor Felicia in the hospital. Did he pistol whip you?"

Susan: "No."

Edie: "Oh, come on. You can tell me. Did he slap you around?"

Susan: "No."

Edie: "Well, don't get me wrong. I'm, I'm thrilled that you're okay. It's just that when someone holds someone else hostage, they usually rough 'em up a little."

Susan: "It wasn't like that."

Edie: "Oh. Not even a little kicking?"

Susan: "Edie!"

Edie walks toward the house and passes Mike coming out.

Edie: "Someone to see you."

Mike: "Well, hey, how's it goin'?"

Susan: "Good. There's a rumor going around that you don't wanna press charges against Zach. Is that true?"

Mike: "Yeah."

Susan: "Wow. Um, I find that confusing."

Mike: "Look, if we make a big deal out of this, he could end up going to prison."

Susan: "He held a gun to my face, so I'm thinking, good."

Mike: "I've been to prison. He couldn't handle it."

Susan: "Who cares?"

Mike: "I care."

Susan: "Well, you should care more about me. I'm your girlfriend. We're moving in together. He's just a neighbor. You don't even know Zach."

Mike: "I know enough about him to know that deep down, he's a good kid."

Susan: "Mike, he wanted to kill you."

Mike: "But he didn't."

Susan: "You never asked me why Zach wanted to shoot you. Aren't you curious?"

Mike: "Does it matter?"

Susan: "Zach said you kidnapped his father so you could kill him."

Mike: "I didn't kill Paul Young."

Susan: "I didn't think you did. Now tell me why Zach does."

Mike: "I found some evidence that suggested that Paul murdered Deirdre. Sixteen years ago, Deirdre had a baby, and Paul and Mary Alice Young kidnapped him and raised him as their own. Deirdre tracked him down here to Wisteria Lane and demanded her baby back."

Susan: "So Paul killed her?"

Mike: "Actually, it was Mary Alice."

Susan: "Oh, my God."

Edie comes out of the house and hands Mike his cell phone.

Edie: "Mike? I answered your phone. It's the police."

Mike: "Yeah. Delfino. You did? Okay, I can be there in 20 minutes. [he hangs up] Zach's dead. They want me to come identify the body."

Morgue

Mike and Susan approach a covered body.

Officer Romslo: "Thanks for coming down. Since the kid's father is missing, we didn't know who else to call. So, you folks ready?"

Mike nods. A medical examiner lifts the covering over the body. A blond teenager with spiked hair lies on the table. Mike walks away from the table.

Susan: "That's not Zach."

Officer Romslo: "You're sure?"

Susan: "He had a gun in my face for six hours. I know what he looks like."

Susan turns and looks over at Mike.

Susan: "Can you give us a minute?"

Officer Romslo: "Sure."

Susan walks over to Mike.

Susan: "Zach is your son, isn't he?"

Mike: "Yeah. I'm pretty sure."

Susan: "How long have you known?"

Mike: "Paul Young told me. Deirdre got pregnant before I went to jail and, um, told me she had an abortion. Guess she lied."

Susan: "I see."

Mike: "When I took Paul out to the desert, and I was so angry, I just wanted to hurt him the way they hurt Deirdre. But then when he told me that he and Mary Alice had taken care of Deirdre's baby, my baby, that rage just went away. Kept me from doing something really stupid."

Susan: "Wow. I'm gonna take a cab home, okay?"

Susan leaves.

Bree's House

Bree is cleaning the kitchen counter.

Andrew: "Mom, Grandma's leaving, all right? You have to talk to her."

Bree: "No, I don't. If you heard the things that she said to me-"

Andrew: "Look, I'm sure she was a real bitch, okay? But she's family. That makes her our bitch. Let her say good-bye to dad."

Bree: "She went out of her way to be cruel to me. I don't want her at the funeral."

Danielle (crying): "Mom, if you don't let Grandma come, I will never forgive you."

Andrew: "Did I ask for your help? You know dad would want her there."

Bree removes her cleaning gloves and walks into the front hall where Phyllis is standing by her bags.

Bree: "It's true Rex and I did not have the perfect marriage, but for eighteen years I tried my very best, and for that I am entitled to your respect."

Phyllis: "Of course you are. Of course I respect you."

Bree: "Well, then why did you say those things to me?"

Phyllis: "I guess I thought it would be easier to be angry at you than to be angry with Rex. I mean, what was he thinking, leaving me?"

She begins to cry and Bree hugs her.

Bree: "I do want you to come to the funeral."

Phyllis: "Oh, you don't know what that means to me, Bree. Thank you."

She begins walking up the stairs, then stops and turns back to Bree.

Phyllis: "Someone should get my luggage."

Lynette's House

Lynette is in a black suit carrying her briefcase and Penny.

Lynette: "Okay, let's get outta here. Tom?"

Tom: "Yeah?"

She turns and sees Tom lying on the floor.

Lynette: "What's the matter?"

Tom: "My back - I threw it out. I was holding Parker upside down."

Lynette puts Penny into the playpen and grabs Tom's feet.

Lynette: "Okay. Come on. Give me your feet."

Lynette pushes his feet toward his body. A cracking noise is heard and Tom groans.

Lynette: "How's that? Is that better?"

Tom: "Honey, can you push the interview? Because I don't think I'm gonna be able to take care of Penny like this."

Lynette: "Don't do this to me. I don't have time to make a phone call, and I promised that woman I would not let the kids interfere with this job."

Tom: "But that was a stupid promise."

Lynette pushes Tom's legs toward his body again and he grunts.

Lynette: "Remember that time when you were away in Tucson, and I had a 104 fever, but I still managed to take the kids trick-or-treating?"

Tom: "Honey, I don't think that's helping."

Lynette: "Tom, being a mom is like being an E.R. doctor. There are no days off, so get up! Get up!"

Tom: "Okay."

He tries to stand, but can't move.

Lynette: "Jeez, are you crying?"

Tom: "Just a little. I'll be fine. You just go. Just go."

Lynette: "Oh, for god sakes!"

Lynette picks up Penny and the diaper bag.

Tom: "Give 'em hell, honey!"

Lynette: "You!"

Lynette leaves, carrying Penny.

Advertising Agency

Lynette rushes into the office, carrying Penny. A male secretary is at the font desk.

Secretary: "Hi, Mrs. Scavo. You can wait inside. They'll be right in."

Lynette: "Great. Listen, uh..."

Secretary: "Stu."

Lynette: "Stu. You look like a bright, uh, responsible young man, and I bet you just love kids. Am I right?"

Stu stares at Penny.

Nina's Office

Lynette waits in Nina's office. Nina and Ed enter.

Lynette: "Ah."

Nina: "Oh. Ed Ferrara, Lynette Scavo."

Lynette: "Thanks so much for having me in."

Ed: "Nice to meet you. Please, sit."

Lynette: "Thank you."

Ed: "We're gonna have to make this quick. I gotta leave in five to catch a plane. I got Celtic tickets on the floor."

Ed crumples up some paper and tosses it toward a little basketball net over the trash can. He makes the shot.

Ed: "It's a great rsum. I see you worked with the Donahues. You know, I snaked the Oslo candy account from 'em last year. [He tosses another crumpled paper and the basketball net and makes it.] So you've done a lot of copy work?"

Lynette: "I have. But when I moved over to Cenn and Simmons"

Lynette can see Stu holding Penny up in the air.

Lynette: "um, I got to do a broader range of campaigns."

She sees Stu lay Penny down on the edge of the desk as he goes over to talk to a pretty young lady.

Lynette: "Um...T... uh, V...and...uh... radio...uh, billboards."

She sees Penny crying.

Lynette: "Could you excuse me for a minute?"

Lynette runs out to the outer office.

Ed: "What's going on?"

Nina: "I have no idea."

Lynette picks up Penny.

Lynette: "Stu, you are an idiot. You're an idiot, an absolute idiot."

She rushes back into Nina's office, carrying Penny.

Lynette: "Hi. Guys, I'd like you to meet Penny. She gives me all my best ideas."

Nina: "You brought your baby to the interview?"

Lynette: "It won't be an ongoing thing."

Nina: "You bet it won't."

Ed: "Nina, it's fine. Any chance we can get that little lady to be quiet?"

Lynette: "Not until I change her diaper. Could you just give me two minutes?"

Ed: "Sorry. Plane."

Lynette: "Well, then watch me multitask."

She throws the diaper bag at Nina and lays Penny on the sofa and continues talking while removing Penny's dirty diaper.

Lynette: "Here's how I see it. You guys run a really good shop, but if you want your agency to go to the next level, you have to focus on two things. First, you've gotta win some awards. Do some P.S.A.s, pro bono stuff, whatever it takes, because whether they admit it or not, clients care about what's in your trophy case. Two, your web site. It's the first thing a client's gonna look at, and it's hard to navigate. There's no site map. It just wasn't built for people who grew up without computers. There. And third, I don't have a third. Yeah, so that's it."

Ed: "Okay, you're in."

Lynette: "Seriously?"

Ed: "Yeah. Take the office across the hall. I gotta run."

Ed leaves the office. Nina looks shocked.

Lynette: "Well, all right!"

Lynette tosses the dirty diaper toward the basketball net. The diaper hits the glass wall above it and falls on the rug.

Lynette: "Okay, obviously, I'm gonna clean that up."

Jail Visiting Room

Gabrielle hands Carlos a piece of paper labeled "DNA Testing."

Gabrielle: "Here it is in black and white. It's your kid. What? Why aren't you smiling?"

Carlos: "It's not enough."

Gabrielle: "What, you want a father's day card?"

Carlos: "You knew the one thing that I demanded was fidelity, and you still went out and screwed around behind my back."

Gabrielle: "You knew the one thing I didn't want was a child, and you still tricked me into getting pregnant!"

Carlos: "It's not the same thing."

Gabrielle: "Damn straight. What you did was worse."

Carlos: "We're not very nice people, are we?"

Gabrielle: "No, we're not."

Carlos: "Oh, when we got married, I thought we were gonna be so happy."

Gabrielle: "Me too. Look on the bright side. At least we're still rich."

Carlos: "Thank god for that."

Mike's House

Mike comes out his door for his newspaper. Susan is sitting there and startles him.

Susan: "So it occurred to me that I was really rude at the morgue. When you told me about Zach, I was so busy freaking out, I never actually congratulated you."

Mike: "Congratulated me?"

Susan: "I know how much you've always wanted a child, and now you have one."

Mike: "Thanks."

Susan: "Obviously, um, it was quite a shock, but it's good news any way you slice it."

Susan stands up and approaches Mike. He can see that she's crying.

Mike: "What's wrong?"

Susan: "So naturally you'll be wanting to have a relationship with him, and that, that takes time, a lot of time."

Mike: "Susan."

Susan: "And out of all the mixed-up teenagers in the world, Zach is just the one kid that I can't be around. I can't have Julie around him. So, um, what I'm trying to say is..."

Mike: "We can't move in together."

Susan: "But I am so happy for you. Really, you have a child, and that is good for you."

Mike: "Isn't there any way?"

Susan: "No. No, I'm so sorry. I'll, I'll, um, I'll see you around."

Susan rushes away as Mike watches her leave.

Church

Betty plays the organ as the Reverend leads the Van De Kamps in. Phyllis looks down at Rex in the open coffin and smiles. Danielle approaches and sees the teddy bear in the coffin with Rex. Andrew looks into the coffin, then walks to his seat. Bree approaches. She looks and sees that Rex is wearing the orange tie. She looks at Phyllis. Bree walks over to the pew and sits down. Betty stops playing the organ.

Reverend: "Today we've come together to celebrate the life of Dr. Rex Van de Kamp."

Bree stares at Rex lying in the coffin.

Bree ( to Phyllis ): "What is he wearing?"

Phyllis: "What?"

Reverend: "A life filled with love and laughter and most importantly.."

Bree: "I left him an hour ago, and he was wearing Ralph Lauren."

Phyllis: "But it's what Rex would have wanted. He loved that prep school."

Reverend: "But whichever coat he was wearing, Rex always brought an irresistible enthusiasm and a single-minded determination to..."

Later in the service, the Reverend is still talking.

Reverend: "So as we mourn the passing of Rex Van de Kamp, we give thanks to God, for we do not grieve as those who have no hope but as those who place their trust in God."

Bree stares at the coffin. Betty begins playing a hymn. Everyone stands. Two men begin covering Rex in the coffin and lowering the lid. Bree jumps up.

Bree: "Wait!"

The organ stops abruptly.

Bree: "Do not close that coffin."

Bree walks slowly down the aisle of the church, glancing down each pew. She stops at Lynette and Tom.

Bree: "Give me your tie."

Tom: "What?"

Bree: "Give me your tie!"

Lynette: "Give it to her! Give it to her!"

Tom removes his tie quickly and hands it to Bree. Bree walks back to the coffin with it. Everyone stares. Bree uncovers Rex, removes the orange tie, lifts Rex up, and puts Tom's tie on Rex. She lays Rex back down, and ties the tie.

Bree: "You look magnificent."

The Reverend signals at Betty. Betty begins playing and Bree walks out of the church into the sunlight.

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Susan, Lynette, Bree and Gabrielle are walking home together.

Susan: "So it looks like Mary Alice killed Zach's birth mother in order to keep her from taking Zach away."

Lynette: "Oh, my god. I mean, I knew Mary Alice had killed herself over something big, but wow. Can you imagine living with that guilt?"

Gabrielle: "Isn't it bizarre that Paul and Mary Alice had this secret all those years, and we didn't even know about it?"

Susan: "No, not really. I mean, what do we actually know about our neighbors? I mean, we can tell if they keep their lawns nice or they take their trash cans in, but when they do those things, we stop asking questions 'cause if people are good neighbors..."

Bree: "...we don't really care what happens behind closed doors."

As they walk by the Applewhite house, piano music is heard.

"It had been one year since my suicide"

Lynette: "Makes you wonder, doesn't it?"

"And a lot had changed on Wisteria Lane. There were new flowers, new houses and new neighbors, the kind anyone would want living right next door."

Betty's House

Betty is playing the piano. Matthew enters the room, holding a tray with food on it.

Matthew: "Is that another hymn?"

Betty: "I know. It's silly, but playing those songs today at the funeral just got me in the mood. This is your grandmother's favorite. Did you remember butter?"

Matthew: "I make up this tray every night."

Betty: "Of course you do. I'm sorry. Oh, look you added a flower."

Matthew: "Thought it'd be nice."

Betty: "How'd I get so lucky to have a child like you? You really do try to think about others. That flower is a small act of kindness you thought no one would notice, and yet you did it anyway. Says a lot about how you were raised."

Matthew: "Well, I guess you did your job."

Betty: "I guess so. I'll get the tray. You take the gun."

She hands a revolver to Matthew and picks up the tray. They walk to the basement. Matthew tucks the gun in his back waistband. They go downstairs. Betty steps aside as Matthew unlocks a padlocked door. Betty enters a room and places the tray on a table. She turns the tray around as though facing it toward someone. She walks to the door and looks back at the rose on the tray.

Betty: "It really is a lovely gesture."

She walks out of the room and Matthew relocks the door. A hand reaches for the glass on the tray. A thick leather strap is wrapped around the wrist.

Bree and Phyllis are walking among the gravestones.

Phyllis: "Now which one is Rex's headstone? I always forget."

Bree: "It's right down this row."

Phyllis: "Oh. Oh, yes. That's right."

"Over the years, Bree Van de Kamp had grown increasingly concerned over her mother-in-law's forgetfulness."

Flashback  Phyllis is standing with a tape measure hanging around her neck.

Phyllis: "Oh, honey, did I forget to take the pins out of that dress?"

Bree, trying on a dress, pulls a pin out of the dress.

"Her lapses had become more frequent..."

Flashback  Phyllis and Bree in the front yard.

Phyllis: "Sweetie, didn't I tell you I was gonna paint that chair?"

Bree slowly turns around, revealing green paint all over the back of her clothes.

"More glaring..."

Flashback  Phyllis is holding a mop.

Phyllis: "Oh, dear. Didn't I mention I waxed the floor?"

Bree lies on the floor where she had just slipped and fallen.

"And more dangerous."

Present - Bree and Phyllis are walking through the cemetery.

"Yes, Bree was worried about Phyllis' faulty memory, but she was more than happy to remind her, especially when it came to the important things."

Bree: "So have you given any thought to when you might be ending your visit? What?"

Phyllis: "Have I become a burden? Is that what you're saying?"

Bree: "I was simply asking when you were planning to leave. There was no agenda behind the question."

Phyllis: "Oh. I, I don't know. Why don't we play it by ear?"

Bree: "Yes, let's."

As they approach Rex's grave, they stop suddenly.

Phyllis: "What on earth?"

Bree: "Oh, my god. What happened?"

They slowly approach a large, coffin-shaped hole in the ground.

Phyllis: "It looks like someone dug Rex up."

Bree: "Well, I got that, but why? Why would they do that?"

Phyllis: "I don't know. Unless..."

Bree: "Unless what?"

Phyllis: "Maybe this has something to do with that insurance investigator."

Bree: "Insurance investigator?"

Phyllis: "He came by asking all sorts of questions."

Bree: "I don't know what you're talking about, Phyllis."

Phyllis: "Maybe you were at the store. Anyway, he was very suspicious."

Bree: "Suspicious?"

Phyllis: "Oh, yes. He has a theory that Rex didn't die of a heart attack. He thinks he was poisoned."

"It was in that moment Bree could finally see the truth."

Phyllis: "Did I not mention that?"

Phylllis walks away from Bree and smiles.

"Her mother-in-law's memory was fine. It was her soul that was faulty."

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

"The parties took place on the front lawn of forty-three, forty-seven Wisteria Lane every Sunday afternoon."

A table on the lawn is covered with a flowery tablecloth.

"Chloe Pendergast would bring the tea set, which was appropriate, since she was the hostess."

A young girl approaches the table carrying a serving tray and places it on the table.

"Brittany Chries provided formal attire from her mother's closet."

Another young girl pulling a wagon approaches. A box on the wagon contains many colorful articles of clothing.

"And Marissa Anne McKay invited the additional guests, some of whom hadn't been to a party in years."

A third young girl approaches carrying a variety of dolls and stuffed animals. She places them around the table.

The three young girl, all dressed up, are sitting around the table, having a pretend tea.

Girls: "Cheers."

"Of course, it never occurred to the young girls that while they were busy playing out their fantasy, one of the older girls in the neighborhood was engaging in a fantasy of her own."

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle stands at the window, holding a cup of coffee, watching John, who is shirtless, as he prunes the trees outside her house. He smiles at her and she waves. He throws the pruning shears down and approaches the house. Gabrielle smiles coyly. He comes inside and they begin kissing.

Gabrielle stands at her window when she awakens from her daydream and sees an overweight shirtless man pruning her bushes. He rubs his nose and she frowns.

Gabrielle comes out her front door. The gardener, Ralph, almost runs into her.

Gabrielle: "Hey..."

Ralph: "Oh, hi, Mrs. Solis."

Gabrielle: "Ralph."

Ralph: "Off to the mall again?"

Gabrielle: "You know me."

Gabrielle walks past him to her car.

"There was nothing Gabrielle enjoyed as much as shopping."

Gabrielle pulls her convertible to the curb. She scoots down in the seat and looks across the street at John mowing someone's lawn.

"And even when she couldn't afford to take anything home, she took satisfaction in looking at the merchandise."

Gabrielle watches him with a smile on her face.

Susan's Front Yard  Daytime

Susan is pacing in front of her house, looking at her watch. She looks at Edie's house, down the street. Mike, working on his truck, sees her as she begins walking quickly toward Edie's house. He approaches her.

Mike: "Hey, Susan. What's going on?"

Susan: "It's Karl's weekend to have Julie, and they're always back by six. That's our custody agreement, back by six, and it's after six."

Mike: "It's, like, six-fifteen."

Susan: "Well, see? There you go."

Mike: "I'm sure they just forgot."

Susan: "Well, I have a court order. It's out of my hands."

Mike: "Yeah, it'd still be nice if you gave him a grace period."

Susan: "Oh, I'm being nice. I could have him arrested. I mean, don't get me wrong. I am all for Julie spending time with Karl. He is still her dad, and she loves him."

Mike: "But?"

Susan: "But he's with Edie. I mean, she's not exactly the maternal type. I wouldn't be a good mother if I wasn't concerned. I mean, who knows what passes for a kid-friendly, good time in there? Drugs? p0rn? Smoking?"

They reach Edie's house and hear singing.

Julie (singing): "Let it shine, shine, shine, let it shine."

Mike: "Doesn't sound like they're having an orgy in there."

Susan and Mike look through Edie's window and sees Edie sitting on the couch playing the guitar. Karl is standing near Julie who is singing.

Julie (singing): "All through the night, I'm gonna let it shine. All through the night, I'm gonna let it shine."

Mike: "Well, obviously, they saw us coming."

Julie (singing): "Let it shine, shine, shine, let it shine."

Lynette's Front Yard  Daytime

Tom and Parker are playing catch. Penny is in the playpen on the porch. Lynette drives up.

Tom: "Woo! That's a strike!"

Lynette: "Hey, guys!"

Parker: "Hey, Mommy."

Tom: "Hey! Look who's here!"

Lynette: "Parker, guess what I got."

Parker: "What?"

Lynette: "School supplies."

Tom: "School supplies!"

Lynette: "Yeah, and the best part of it is I got you a really cool backpack."

Parker: "Whoa, look at that. Pretty neat, huh?"

Parker: "Wow. Thanks."

Lynette: "So on your first day of school, you and your dad can find your cubby and you can hang it up."

Parker: "You're not taking me?"

Lynette: "Actually, your dad's gonna take you to school on your first day."

Tom: "Yeah, just me and you, big guy. I'll be right there to hold your hand."

Parker: "But I thought mommy was taking me."

Lynette: "Yeah, well, honey, I have to work. Mommy's boss is a mean, mean lady and if I miss work, I'll lose my job and then we won't have any money to buy food. Honey, you gotta believe me, if I could be there, you know that I would."

Parker gives the backpack back to Lynette and folds his arms across his chest.

Lynette: "All right. I didn't know it was that important to you. I will talk to my boss and I will see what I can do."

Parker: "Thank you, mommy."

Parker takes back the backpack and goes into the house.

Tom: "Wow, I don't want to rain on your parade, but he just totally manipulated you."

Lynette: "Well, hey, when a kid's that good, you gotta give him his due."

Police Station

Bree is sitting across from the detective in his office.

Bree: "An autopsy? Detective, Rex died of a heart attack."

Detective: "Well, there were some anomalies in the doctor's report."

Bree: "Anomalies? What anomalies?"

Detective: "Ma'am, I'm afraid I'm not at liberty to discuss this any further with you."

Bree: "Am I a suspect?"

Detective: "I didn't say that."

Bree: "Well, if I am, you're wasting your time. I loved Rex and anyone who knows me will tell you that I was incapable of hurting him."

Detective: "You sure about that?"

Bree: "You talked to Phyllis."

Detective: "Again, I can't discuss the case."

Bree: "She's my mother-in-law. Of course she said horrible things about me."

Detective: "Ma'am, lower your voice."

Bree: "She blamed me for every problem that Rex and I ever had."

Detective: "So there were problems with the marriage?"

Bree: "Well, it was a marriage. Of course there were problems."

Detective: "May I record this just so there's no confusion over your statement?"

Bree: "No, you may not record this."

Detective: "So you refuse to make a statement?"

Bree: "I'm not refusing anything. All I'm saying is stay away from Phyllis. She's a, she's a raving loon."

Detective: "Ma'am, perhaps you'd be more comfortable with an attorney present."

Bree: "You want a statement? Fine, I'll give you a statement."

The detective holds up a tape recorder and presses the record button.

Bree: "My husband died of a heart attack. I loved him very deeply, and your mother did a lousy job."

Bree grabs her purse and storms out of the detective's office.

Bree's House - Daytime

Phyllis, in her bathrobe, comes downstairs slowly, looking sleepy.

"To Bree's way of thinking, there were two kinds of people in the world."

Bree peeks from around the corner. Once Phyllis goes into the kitchen, Bree quietly runs upstairs.

"Those who were useless before their morning coffee"

Phyllis, barely awake, pours herself a cup of coffee.

"and those who weren't."

Bree, in Phyllis' closet, takes out Phyllis' clothes and her suitcase. Bree throws the suitcase on the bed.

Phyllis, eating a piece of toast and holding her coffee, comes out of the kitchen. Bree is at the front door with Phyllis' bags all packed and Bree is holding Phyllis' traveling suit and shoes.

Phyllis: "What's going on?"

Bree's Front Yard - Daytime

A cab driver, parked by the curb, closes the trunk of his car. Bree has Phyllis by the arm, nearly pushing her toward the cab.

Phyllis: "Don't rush me, Bree! I'm an old woman! Don't rush me."

Phylllis gets in the cab. Bree slams the door.

Bree: "Get her out of here."

As the cab drives away, Phyllis leans out of the window.

Phyllis: "I will tell you one thing: you wouldn't be acting this way if you didn't feel guilty about something!"

Bree waves good-bye to Phyllis.

Jail Visiting Room

Gabrielle sits at the visitor's table filing her nails.

A buzzer sounds, the door opens and the guard bring Carlos in. Carlos sits and Gabrielle hands him a card.

Carlos: "What's the occasion?"

Gabrielle: "Uh, our anniversary?"

Carlos: "Oh, right."

Gabrielle: "How could you forget our anniversary? You sit in a cell all day long staring at a calendar."

Carlos: "What's the big deal? Our marriage was a sham anyway."

Gabrielle: "Oh, we're not doing this again."

Carlos: "In real marriages, wives are faithful."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, and husbands remember anniversaries, so I guess we're even."

Carlos: "Are you equating forgetting our anniversary with cheating on me?"

Gabrielle: "You are clearly determined to ruin this special day for us."

Carlos: "What is wrong with you that you don't feel guilty?"

Gabrielle: "I feel tons of guilt, so back off."

Carlos: "You never even apologized."

Gabrielle: "I apologized a million times."

Carlos: "Yeah, but you always followed it up with an excuse. I was lonely, you weren't home enough, a woman needs to be loved.'"

Gabrielle: "A woman does need to be loved, and since you didn't give it to me, I had to find it elsewhere."

Carlos: "So that's what the teenager was doing in our bedroom. Filling you with love."

Gabrielle: "Say what you want, but John Rowland loved me like no one ever has. Not as a trophy or as a possession, but for me. He loved me."

Carlos laughs.

Gabrielle: "No, he really did."

Carlos: "Mm-hmm."

Gabrielle: "Let me count the ways. Um, gently, savagely, frequently, upside down..."

Carlos slams his hand on the table. The guard comes over.

Guard: "Is there a problem here?"

Gabrielle: "No, it's our anniversary. We're just reliving the good times."

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Gabrielle drives her Aston Martin car into her driveway. Matthew comes up to her.

Matthew: "That's an amazing car. Aston Martin, right?"

Gabrielle: "Uh-huh. Brand-new. Limited edition. A little anniversary present from my husband."

Matthew: "He's very generous."

Gabrielle: "More than he knows."

Gabrielle walks into her house.

Susan's House  Julie's Bedroom

Susan: "I'm sorry. What?"

Julie: "I'm singing at church for the family follies. Edie's going to accompany me on guitar. She's really good."

Susan: "So you and Edie are, are gonna be an act."

Julie: "Is that a problem?"

Susan: "No. No. I mean, I'm a little surprised that you didn't ask me to accompany you first."

Julie: "On what? You don't play an instrument."

Susan: "I play the piano. You know that."

Julie: "How would I know that? I've never seen you play."

Susan: "Well, I played in high school."

Julie: "So the last time you tickled the ivories was sometime in the late seventies?"

Susan: "It was the early eighties. Well, I'm not gonna argue with you. You want to do the show with Edie, and I think that's super. So she's really good, huh?"

Julie: "She knows her guitar. Apparently, there are a lot of musicians in her family, sort of like the Von Trapps."

Susan: "Hmm."

Julie: "Except, you know, her brother OD'd."

Betty's House

Betty and Matthew are setting up the meal tray in the kitchen.

Matthew: "All I'm asking you is to go out and play a little bit of ball. Is that such a big deal?"

Betty: "Matthew, you are such an excellent player, darling, that people will want to be your friend. Then next thing you know, God knows who will be wanting to drop by and calling. Sweetie, we need to keep a low profile."

Matthew takes the gun out of the drawer.

Matthew: "Yeah, I know, but I have got to get out of this house sometime. I'm going crazy here, okay?"

As Matthew opens the basement door, the door is pushed violently towards him. Betty falls backward dropping the tray. The man from the basement attacks Matthew, slamming him against the furniture and pushing him down to the floor. The man smashes things around the room and tries to run. Betty trips him and Matthew jumps on top of him. Betty grabs the gun and hits the man hard on the head. The man falls down.

Betty's House  Outside

Susan walks up to the front door and rings the bell.

Matthew, still on top of the man, looks toward the front door. Betty puts the gun down on the table, steps over the man and goes to the door.

Betty: "What is it?"

Susan: "Oh, my daughter is singing a song at church and I want to accompany her on the piano and I haven't played in years. Oh, you were just so amazing at Rex's funeral the other day, I was wondering..."

Betty: "I don't give lessons."

Susan: "Oh. Oh, okay.

Susan sees red stains on Betty's shirt.

Susan: "Oh. You have a little, uh, on your..."

Betty: "I'm baking cherry pie. Excuse me."

Betty goes back into the house and closes the door quickly. Susan walks away. Matthew is standing at the basement door, out of breath. The man is no longer on the floor.

Matthew: "What happened to maintaining a low profile? You keep being rude to everybody, they're gonna start whispering about us."

Betty: "You're right. We do want to fit in."

Betty gets a wet sponge and starts cleaning the blood off the floor.

Lynette's Office

Lynette exits her office. Stu is sitting at the desk outside the door.

Stu: "Lynette, check it out."

Lynette looks at the computer screen. A wide open mouth is on the screen.

Stu: "Jason's mouth."

Stu points at Jason who is holding a camera in front of his mouth.

Lynette: "Stu, isn't that the new video conference setup?"

Stu: "Yeah. Isn't the resolution fantastic?"

Lynette walks away, into Nina's office.

Lynette: "Hey, Nina."

Nina: "Mm-hmm?"

Lynette: "Uh, about tomorrow morning..."

Nina: "Mm-hmm?"

Lynette: "You know how the first hour of the morning meeting is always so slow? 'Cause I've got this thing..."

Nina: "Good god, this is not about your kids again, is it?"

Lynette: "I know, I promised I wouldn't do this, but Parker really needs me to be there on his first day of kindergarten. He's so freaked out I can't be there."

Nina: "I'm sorry. How is this my problem?"

Lynette: "Because we can't escape the fact that I have kids. I love my job, but to be fair, there's gotta be some balance."

Nina: "Okay, how about the people that don't have the kids? Did you ever consider that they might need a little more balance in their lives, hmm? Like, maybe they want to go see a matinee or perhaps they want to come in a little late after a big crazy night out or maybe they just want to get a hair cut, which I, myself, have not been able to do for two months. So, no, this is about fairness to the people who are childless by choice, okay?"

Lynette: "Okay. Good point. And I'm sorry about your hair. I can see why you're upset."

Lynette walks out of Nina's office. Stu holds the camera in front of Lynette. She knocks his hand away.

Stu: "Open wide."

Lynette: "Not now, Stu. Hang on a sec."

Lynette stops suddenly and looks at the camera.

Lynette's House

The computer from Stu's desk is in on the kitchen table. Parker is holding the camera.

Parker: "I don't understand."

Lynette: "This system is gonna let mommy be with you on your first day of school. The resolution is fantastic."


Wisteria Lane  Daytime

Gabrielle drives up to a curb to watch John garden someone else's lawn.

"The next day, Gabrielle decided to cheer herself up with another round of window shopping. But this time, she was taken aback by what was on display."

An older woman comes out of the house John is working at. She approaches John, runs her hand over his back and signals him to come inside. Gabrielle looks shocked. John puts down the hedge trimmer and goes inside. Gabrielle gets out of her car, sneaks up to the window and, amid faint moanings coming from inside, drops her jaw in apparent shock. Gabrielle walks back down the front steps and sees the electric hedge trimmer. She picks it up and starts it.

Later, John comes out the door. The older lady is in her robe. They kiss. Gabrielle watches from across the street, smiles and drives away. John and the lady look at the front yard. All the flowers have been cut off from all of the pots lining the walkway.

Felicia Tilman's House  Daytime

Mike knocks at the front door, holding a flowering plant. A bruised and battered Mrs. Tilman opens the door. She is wearing a neck brace.

Mike: "Mrs. Tilman."

Felicia: "Mr. Delfino."

Mike: "I, uh, heard you were back from the hospital. I brought you these."

Felicia: "Oh, I can't tell you how long it's been since I got flowers from a handsome man. I mean, I could, but I don't want your pity."

Felicia comes outside onto the porch. Mike sees her suitcases stacked at the front door.

Mike: "Where are you off to?"

Felicia: "I'm going back to Utah for a few weeks. The recuperation's taking longer than the doctors anticipated. Speaking of my attack, have they caught young Zachary yet?"

Mike: "No, actually, that's why I'm here."

Felicia: "So the flowers were just a ruse. Figures."

Mike: "I'm trying to find Zach before he gets in any more trouble. Do you know any friends that he might have, anywhere he might be holed up? I know you were close to him."

Felicia: "Funny thing. Since he beat me and threw me down the stairs, we just don't stay in touch like we should. Since when do you care so much about Zach Young?"

Mike: "It's complicated."

Felicia: "I'll bet. I'm sure he's out there somewhere trying to find his father, which I trust you made impossible."

Mike: "No, I let Paul go. I couldn't go through with it."

Felicia: "That was a mistake."

Mike: "He will spend the rest of his life running from the police. I think that's punishment enough."

Felicia: "Zach is the only connection that Paul has with his dead wife. At some point, he will run back here looking for him. I don't like to be negative, but you really should have killed him."

Bree's House  Nighttime

Bree, Danielle, and Andrew are having dinner.

Bree: "At the risk of ruining a lovely evening, I have some unpleasant news. The police dug up your father today."

Andrew: "What?"

Danielle: "Why?"

Bree: "Well, apparently, they want to do an autopsy. They don't think that he had a heart attack. They think that somebody was poisoning him."

Danielle: "Who would have poisoned daddy?"

Bree: "Well, apparently, I'm a suspect. Well, they always look at spouses first. It has something to with statistics. It's just a formality. I'll be cleared in no time. Would you two please stop looking at me like that? Obviously, I did not kill your father. I loved him deeply."

Danielle: "Yeah, but you and dad had a lot of problems. Everyone knows that."

Bree: "Yes, we had issues, but I would never have hurt him."

Danielle: "What about the night daddy had his second heart attack? You must have loved him a lot to make the bed before taking him to the hospital."

Bree: "I was in shock, Danielle. You know that. Andrew, surely you don't think I murdered your father."

Andrew: "I know you didn't. You're not capable of murder."

Bree: "Thank you."

Andrew: "That wasn't a compliment. It takes guts to kill somebody."

Betty's House - Daytime

Susan is playing the piano with Betty standing nearby, watching.

Susan: "Thank you so much for changing your mind about helping me. I really appreciate it."

Betty: "I'm happy to help. And I'm sorry if I seemed rude before. I, I was having a bad day. That's good. That's really good. You might want to lay off the pedal."

Susan: Really? Oh, I thought it made it sound more professional."

Betty: "It doesn't."

Susan keeps playing. Loud hip-hop music begins playing from somewhere within the house.

Susan: "Boy, your son really likes to play his hip-hop music loud."

Betty: "The good news is it drowns out the sound of the dryer. Arch your fingers, Susan."

Betty's House  Basement

A stereo sitting on a table plays loudly while Matthew mounts a lock on the basement door using an electric drill.

Edie's House

Edie is on the couch playing the guitar while Julie is singing.

Julie (singing): "Let it shine, shine, shine, let it shine."

Susan walks in, clapping.

Susan: "Hi. I'm sorry to interrupt. I knocked, but I guess you guys didn't hear me."

Edie: "No, we heard you. We were just hoping that whoever it was would go away. I'm still hoping that'll happen."

Julie: "What's up, mom?"

Susan: "Well, I have good news. Um, I've been taking piano lessons with Betty Applewhite, and, uh, well, I just thought maybe I could join you guys. You know, like a trio. Doesn't that sound fun?"

Edie: "I don't do trios, but thanks anyway."

Susan: "Well, I don't mean to be technical here, but this show, I mean, it really is supposed to be a family thing, and I hate to point out you're not family."

Edie: "No, but I have talent, and to most audiences, talent trumps family."

Susan: "Well, what makes you so sure I don't have talent?"

Edie: "Hmm, just a hunch."

Susan: "Yeah, well, we've all seen your talent, which is a nice way of telling you why don't you put some curtains on your bedroom window?"

Julie: "Guys!"

Edie: "Oh, come on, be honest. You didn't want any part of this until you found out that I was involved."

Susan: "That is so not true!"

Edie: "Oh, yes, it is. It burns you that your own daughter picked me over you."

Susan: "She did not pick you. It just didn't occur to her that I would agree to do it. Well, now she knows, and if she had it to do over again, she'd pick me."

Edie: "No, she wouldn't."

Susan: "Well, why don't we put it to a test? Julie, who would you rather have play with you?"

Julie: "Oh, no, no, no, no."

Susan: "No, it's okay, honey. Who do you want to be with you in the family talent show?"

Edie: "Yes, who do you want with you in front of all of those people? And remember, it's a church. They are going to be judging you."

Julie: "Oh, okay. Well, first of all, you both suck, but if I had to choose, I guess I'd pick my mom. Sorry, Edie."

Edie: "Fair enough. I'd like my pitch pipe back, please."

Gabrielle's House  Daytime

Gabrielle walks down the sidewalk to get her mail. John comes up to her.

John: "It was you, wasn't it?"

Gabrielle: "Hello, John. Long time, no see."

John: "One of the neighbors saw an Aston Martin driving away" (points to Gabrielle's car) "and what do you know?"

Gabrielle: "Well, someone had to tend to the yard. You were busy elsewhere."

John: "You saw us?"

Gabrielle: "Yes, and I have to say she's old enough to be your mother. Hell, she's old enough to be my mother."

John: "Joan's only forty-one."

Gabrielle: "Joan? You're calling her Joan?"

John: "Why shouldn't I? She's my friend."

Gabrielle: "I know your friends, and I have a hunch you don't do to your friends what I saw you doing to that wrinkly old lady."

John: "Okay, so you caught me doing it with somebody else. What's the big deal?"

Gabrielle: "You're supposed to be in love with me."

John: "What?"

Gabrielle: "How many times did you say it? How many times did you whisper in my ear, you're the only woman I'll ever love'?"

John: "I don't know. A bunch."

Gabrielle: "So were you lying to me? Were you just trying to get me into bed?"

John: "No, of course not. I loved you, but we broke up."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, like five minutes ago! Haven't you ever heard of a mourning period?"

John: "I know it seems quick, but I have feelings for her. In fact, I think I may be in love with her."

Gabrielle: "Oh, my god."

She clutches her stomach.

John: "What's the matter? Is it the baby?"

Gabrielle: "No. Oh, no, no. It's me. I am beyond stupid."

Gabrielle sits on her front steps.

John: "You're not stupid."

Gabrielle: "Oh, no, I am. Yesterday, I was still fantasizing that it could work with you, that a one-bedroom apartment might be cozy."

John: "Mrs. Solis, please."

Gabrielle: "Oh, my god. I almost left my husband for someone who calls me Mrs. Solis."

John: "So, are you upset because you want to get back together? Because I can break up with Joan."

Gabrielle: "That's okay, sweetie. I'm good."

John: "So this is it for us? Cause I really feel like we should end it better than this."

Gabrielle: "Actually, John, given how stupid both of us have been, this an entirely appropriate ending."

Police Station

Bree, Andrew and Danielle enter the Detective's office.

Detective: "Mrs. Van de Kamp. What can I do for you?"

Bree: "I would like to submit myself to a lie detector test to eliminate any uncertainty about what happened with my husband."

Detective: "Are you sure you don't want a lawyer present?"

Bree: "I'll waive all that. My only stipulation is that I want my children to be able to see me answer the questions."

Detective: "I think we can accommodate you."

Investigation Room

Bree is connected to a lie detector. The Detective, Andrew and Danielle are watching through a one-way mirror.

Technician: "Is your name Bree Van de Kamp?"

Bree: "Yes."

Technician: "Were you married to Rex Van de Kamp?"

Bree: "Yes."

Technician: "Did you and your husband temporarily separate last year?"

Bree: "Yes."

Technician: "Did you kill your husband?"

Bree ( emphatically ): "No."

Bree looks at the lie detector screen. The line remains even.

Technician: "Do you know a man named George Williams?"

Bree: "Yes."

Technician: "During your separation from your husband, did you have a relationship with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "What does that have to do with anything?"

Technician: "Just yes or no responses, please."

Bree: "Well, I'm not gonna respond to something that's none of your business."

The detective enters the room.

Detective: "Mrs. Van de Kamp, if you want us to take this polygraph seriously, answer the questions we ask, okay?"

The detective leaves the room.

Danielle: "Who's George Williams?"

Andrew: "He's our pharmacist."

Technician: "During your separation, did you have a relationship with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "Yes."

Bree looks at the screen. The line remains unchanged.

Technician: "Are you in love with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "What? "

Technician: "Are you in love with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "No"

Bree looks at the screen. The lines are spiked.

Bree: "Um, I, I was thinking of something else just then, so why don't you ask me the question again?"

Technician: "Are you in love with Mr. Williams?"

Bree: "No."

The lines on the screen are spiked all the way to the top of the screen.

Danielle: "Did you see that?"

Andrew: "Yeah. I saw it."

Bree looks at the mirror. Andrew walks away.

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

Betty is taking flowers out of her SUV. Susan walks up with sheet music.

Betty: "Hello, Susan. Are you ready for your lesson?"

Susan: "Yep, I am. I think I'm going to make another push for using that pedal. I think it adds grandeur."

As they walk to Betty's house, a car screeches up with the horn honking.

Karl: "I want to talk to you!"

Susan: "I'm busy now."

Karl: "I cannot believe you kicked Edie out of Julie's performance!"

Susan: "I did not kick Edie out. Julie made that call."

Karl: "Because you played the mom card."

Susan: "Well, it is a family recital, and Edie is not family."

Karl: "One day, she could be."

Susan: "Oh, don't even joke like that."

Karl: "How about your plumber-slash-convicted murderer, huh? He seems to keep popping up at "family" events."

Susan: "It was not murder, it was manslaughter, and that's totally different. Mike and I aren't even living together, and he cares about Julie."

Karl: "Well, so does Edie, huh? She was really looking forward to performing with Julie."

Susan: "If you think Edie Britt cares about anybody other than herself, you are living in a fool's paradise. You don't know her the way I do, and the only reason she's interested in Julie is to mess with my head."

Karl: "Hey, that's both crazy and self-absorbed. That's a twofer! Way to go! Whether you choose to believe it or not, they're both great together, and if you don't believe me, ask Julie."

Karl gets in his car and drives away.

Susan: "I'm sorry you had to witness that."

Betty: "Oh, that's okay, hon. I have lived my share of family knock-down drag-outs."

Susan: "Well, I hope it wasn't as ugly as me and Karl."

Betty: "You'd be surprised."

Lynette's Office

Lynette sits at her desk, setting up the video conferencing system. Parker and Tom are on the computer screen.

Lynette: "Parker, honey, can you hear me? Tom, why isn't he talking?"

Tom: "Um, honey, there are a lot of kids here. He's a little stressed. Parker, say hi, say hi."

Parker: "Mommy?"

Lynette: "Oh, hey, honey, this is so exciting. Your first day of school. You're going to make so many friends."

Nina sticks her head in the door.

Nina: "Lynette, staff meeting, now."

Lynette: "Uh, right, yeah. I'm going to be right there."

Nina: "Now. Now, now, now!"

Nina walks out and puts her coffee cup on Stu's desk.

Nina: "Stu, this coffee, it's cold."

Lynette: "Honey, I'm gonna be right back."

Parker: "Mommy? Where are you going?"

Lynette: "Right back."

Parker: "Mommy, come back!"

Conference Room

The staff is sitting around a large table.

Nina: "Okay, let's turn to page five."

Lynette: "Damn. I forgot my prospectus. Any extra copies? No? Oh, I'll be right back."

Lynette gets up and rushes out of the room.

Lynette's Office

Lynette: "Hi, I'm back. How's he doing?"

Tom: "Um, um, honey, he's upset because he wanted to show you his cubby. You left."

Lynette: "Oh, honey, I'm here. I'm here. You can show me your cubby now."

Stu sticks in head in Lynette's office.

Stu: "Nina found extra copies. She wants you back now."

Lynette: "Okay. I'll be back in two seconds, sweetie."

Parker: "Mommy! Mommy! Don't go!"

Conference Room

Lynette sits at the table with the other staff members.

Nina: "So the big issue here is second-quarter billing."

Lynette gets up and starts leaving the room.

Nina: "Where are you going?"

Lynette: "Ladies' room."

Nina: "No."

Lynette: Nina, nature is calling."

Nina: "Lynette, hold it for ten minutes. We have to get through this."

Lynette sits down again.

Nina: "What I'd like to do is trade out the invoicing structure. Let's take a look at our graphs on page ten, please."

"Lynette had been struggling to balance her career and her family. She finally saw an opportunity to tip the scales in her favor."

Nina drinks from her coffee cup, then sets it down on a folder. Lynette sees that the cup is tilted and near the edge of the table.

Nina: "Instead of badgering clients with invoices on the shorter term campaigns, I say we bill on delivery."

Lynette: "Yes!"

Lynette hits the able hard. The cup moves closer to the edge.

Lynette: "Bill on delivery, yes!"

She hits the table again. The cup moves to the edge of the table.

Nina: "Are you having a seizure?"

Lynette: "No, no, I'm just, I'm very excited. It's a really good plan. Yeah."

Nina: "Now, what happened on the Burman account is that they were sent duplicate bills by Tina and Ron in accounting and I'm not pointing any fingers, but Tina, Ron, about walking in and seeing all my lines lit up with disgruntled.."

Lynette sits back in her chair and lifts the table up with her knee. The coffee cup falls into Nina's lap. She jumps up.

Nina: "Aah! Ohh! Hot! Hot! Help. Stu! Aah! Aah!"

Lynette's Office

Lynette: "And that's why we packed you extra cookies so you could share with all your new friends, remember?"

Parker: "Uh-huh."

Tom: "I think we're good to go now, honey."

Lynette: "You're gonna be great, Parker. I love you."

Parker: "I love you, too, mommy."

Lynette throws a kiss to Parker and turns the screen off. She spins in her office chair and sees the staff hovering around Nina, who is holding ice packs to her inner thighs.

Pharmacy  Daytime

Bree enters and walks up to the pharmacy counter.

George: "Bree, hi. What can I do for you?"

Bree: "Well, for starters, you can help me prove to the police that we didn't conspire to kill my husband."

George: "Okay."

Bree: "So because of the anomalies in Rex's blood, the police started to wonder if I'd been poisoning Rex."

George: "That's absurd. Lots of things can cause high potassium levels: renal failure, low sodium."

Bree: "Well, that's why I took the polygraph, to prove to them that I was innocent."

George: "Obviously, you passed."

Bree: "Sort of. Well, I think the police now have a different theory, which is if I wasn't poisoning Rex on my own, then maybe you were helping me."

George: "You're kidding."

Bree: "No, that's why I need you to take the polygraph, too."

George: What? "

Bree: "It's the quickest way to prove to the police that they're wrong."

George: "I. I don't understand. We're just friends. Why would the police assume that people in a platonic relationship would want to murder someone?"

Bree: "Um, um, during the test, they asked me some questions about you and, um, us and whether we had a relationship and I said yes, because it's true. And then they asked me something else, something I hadn't considered."

George: "Which was?"

Bree: "They asked me if I loved you."

George: "What did you say?"

Bree: "I said no."

George: "Oh."

Bree: "But according to the polygraph, that wasn't exactly true."

George: "Well, I don't, I don't know if that means anything. Polygraphs aren't completely reliable."

Bree: "I think perhaps the machine picked up on something, something that I wasn't aware of."

George: "Wow."

Bree: "That's why I need you to take the test and answer the detective's questions, because I'm not going to know exactly how I feel until we put this behind us, but then, once we do..."

George: "We can move on."

Church

Emcee: "Can those Chicorelli sisters dance or what? Wow, look out Broadway! Now don't forget that we will have cookies and juice set up in the basement after we're done here. We want to see you all there. And for our next act, please welcome the musical stylings of Julie and Susan Mayer."

The audience applauds.

Susan and Julie come out on stage. Julie goes to the microphone and Susan sits at the piano. After a couple of seconds of silence, Susan gets up and whispers in Julie's ear.

Susan: "I'll be right back." (into the microphone) "Oh, um, I'm just gonna need a couple of seconds, so feel free to pray."

Susan runs down to Edie in the audience sitting next to Karl.

Susan: "The other day when I saw you making music with my family, I got a little jealous and I went a little crazy and I pushed you out. Seeing you sitting here today, well, I can see how much you care about Julie, and she comes first, and it should be you up there playing with her, not me. So I'm sorry."

Karl: "Thank you, Susan."

Edie: "How convenient that you decided this after I showed up without my guitar."

Susan: "Well, like I said, I'm sorry. I wish it could be you up there."

Edie: "You know, I play piano."

Later

Emcee: "And so let's all welcome Julie Mayer and her Aunt Edie."

The audience applauds. Susan sits next to Karl, while Edie is at the piano. She begins to play.

Karl: "You did a good thing."

Susan: "Yeah, well, I try."

Edie plays the piano off-key. Julie cringes as she begins to sing.

Julie (singing): "This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine."

Julie turns to look at Edie.

Edie: "Ohh, give me a break. This thing has, like, ninety flats in it."

Susan: "Poor Julie."

Karl: "Stop it. You're loving this."

Susan: "No, not at all."

Susan pushes the camera Karl is holding up to film.

Julie (singing): "Let it shine, shine, shine let it shine."

Jail Visiting Room

Carlos enters. He sits across from Gabrielle.

Carlos: "So, they said you needed to see me. What is it? What's going on?"

Gabrielle: "Um, I've been thinking, you know, about, um, everything that happened with John, and, and, um, I was really selfish and stupid. And I'm sorry. I really am sorry. That's all I had to say, really."

Carlos: "You know what? That is the best anniversary gift that you've ever given me."

Carlos reaches across the table and holds Gabrielle's hand.

Gabrielle: "Really?"

Carlos: "Yeah."

Gabrielle: "Actually, the one you gave me is really nice, too."

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

Chloe Pendergrass holds her tea party with her friends.

"Everyone enjoys a game of make-believe now and then. Of course, the ways in which we play can vary greatly."

Lynette's Office

Lynette picks up a framed picture of her and Parker from her desk.

"Sometimes we tell ourselves work won't interfere with our family life."

Nina sticks her head in the door.

Nina: "Lynette, staff meeting, now."

Lynette: "Yeah."

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

"Sometimes, we imagine certain relationships to be more meaningful than they really are."

John is mowing a lawn. Gabrielle jogs by. John waves to her, but Gabrielle doesn't respond.

Betty's House

"Occasionally, we put on a show, as if to convince ourselves our secrets aren't really all that terrible."

Matthew and Betty are preparing the meal tray. Matthew gets the gun.

Police Station

Bree and the Detective are standing on the glass side of the one-way mirror into the investigation room.

"Yes, the game of make-believe is a simple one."

Inside the room, George is taking a lie detector test.

Technician: "Did you know Rex Van de Kamp?"

George: "Yes."

Technician: "Did Mrs. Van de Kamp ask you to poison her husband?"

George: "No."

Technician: "Did you poison Rex Van de Kamp?"

"You start by lying to yourself..."

George: "No."

The line on the polygraph is unchanged.

"And if you can get others to believe those lies, you win."

George smiles.

"The residents of the Fairview County Jail looked forward to every Tuesday."

The yard is built around a fenced-in walkway. Inmates are milling around the yard.

"That was the day that Gabrielle Solis came to visit her husband."

Flashback - Gabrielle enters the fenced in enclosure. All the inmates gather near the fence to watch her walk through the enclosure.

"The inmates went out of their way to give her compliments whether she wanted them to or not."

Flashback  The inmates make kissing noises and whistle as Gabrielle walks through. Gabrielle shakes her head in disgust.

"With each visit, these accolades became increasingly inventive."

Flashback - Gabrielle in a gold outfit walks through. The inmates continue to make sexual gestures and cat calls.

Inmates: "Who's your daddy! Look over here!"

"Still Gabrielle was not flattered. In fact, Gabrielle started to dread this special attention."

Flashback  Gabrielle enters the enclosure. Inmates makes gestures as though he is riding a horse. Gabrielle is disgusted and ignores them.

Inmates: "Ride em.. Ride em!"

"Until one day when"

Present - Fairview County Jail  Daytime

Gabrielle is walking down the fenced in area with Carlos' lawyer, Mr. Doyle.

Gabrielle: "I don't think a conjugal visit is such a ridiculous request."

Mr. Doyle: "With all due respect, Mrs. Solis, let's just get through the discovery phase first, okay?"

Gabrielle: "But, I don't think I can wait that long."

Mr. Doyle: "I am trying to get your husband out of jail. You want me to just stop everything so you can have a booty call?"

Gabrielle smacks the attorney with her purse.

Gabrielle: "Excuse me! We are husband and wife. When we make love it is a very sacred covenant."

Mr. Doyle: "Huh!"

Gabrielle: "Okay, look, all we need is twenty minutes."

Mr. Doyle: "I said no."

Gabrielle: "You can't tell me no.You work for me. You will make it happen!"

Mr. Doyle: "You can't force me to do anything. I am not your maid. Or your gardener."

Gabrielle slaps Mr. Doyle. All the inmates along the walkway are watching.

Inmates: "Oh, Oh, ha!"

Mr. Doyle: "I could have you arrested for that."

Gabrielle: "Oh really. Then how about for this?"

Gabrielle slaps him again, even harder. He falls against the fence.

Mr. Doyle: "You crazy bitch! Ow!"

Inmate #1, behind the fence, pokes Mr. Doyle with a stick.

Inmate #1: "Apologize to the lady!"

Mr. Doyle: "Big mistake, pal. I play golf with the warden. You're gonna rot in-ow!"

Inmate #2 on the other side, pokes Mr. Doyle with a stick.

Inmate #2: "You heard him. Apologize!"

Gabrielle looks on in shock.

Mr. Doyle: "Look, fellows, I am just trying to do my job. This is all her fault. If she weren't so damn horny... Ow! Ow! Ow! All right, all right."

Inmates behind Mr. Doyle continue to poke him with sticks. He staggers toward the exit gate as the inmates continue to poke and yell at him.

A whistle blows. A guard in the tower shoots tear gas into the crowd. The inmates continue to poke Mr. Doyle. One inmate grabs him by his tie and pulls him into the fence.

Inmates: "Apologize!"

"It was at that moment, it occurred to Gabrielle this was the nicest compliment she had ever received."

Gabrielle watches and smiles.

Opening Credits

Wisteria Lane  Twilight

"There was one thing all the fathers on Wisteria Lane had in common."

Flashback - A car drives up in front of a home. A man gets out of car and runs up to the front door as 2 kids run out the front door and hug their daddy.

Kids: "Daddy, daddy."

"They could return home after a hard day's work the family they left behind."

Flashback - Man #2 approaches his porch and two little girls run out and hug him.

Little Girl: "Daddy, daddy."

"And not feel at all guilty about the precious moments they had missed."

Wisteria Lane  Nighttime

Lynette pulls into her driveway and runs into her house.

"Sadly, the same could not be said for the working mothers."

Lynette's House

Parker is fast asleep in his bed. Lynette creeps into the room quietly. She sees a black umbrella lying on the bed next to Parker. She covers Parker with the blanket and taps him with a kiss.

Lynette's House  Kitchen

Tom: "Hey, honey. I held dinner for as long as I could. It just got-"

Lynette kisses Tom.

Tom: "-too late for them."

Lynette: "You couldn't have given them coffee or something? I just feel like I'm missing out on their lives entirely."

Tom: "Hey, you sit, eat and I will fill you in."

Lynette sits down at the kitchen table where there is a plate of spaghetti. She picks up the bread and begins eating.

Tom: "Oh, don't eat that. That's been sitting out for hours. That's for Mrs. Mulberry." (getting a plate out of the oven) "This is for you."

Tom brings a warm plate to Lynette.

Lynette: "I'm sorry, who?"

Tom: "Oh, Mrs. Mulberry. Parker has an imaginary friend. Um, British nanny. I think he really locked into the whole Mary Poppins thing."

Lynette: "Is that why he's sleeping with an umbrella?"

Tom: "He carries it with him everywhere. It's a security blanket."

Lynette: "When did this start?"

Tom: "About a week ago, I guess."

Lynette: "And you don't find it odd that Parker's new nanny made her appearance right at the time I went back to work?"

Tom: "Kids have imaginary friends. It's no big deal."

Lynette: "I agree with you to a point when they're flying kangaroos or giant robots, not surrogate mommies."

Tom: "Hey, Parker is having a little trouble adjusting, that's all. Apparently, so are you. Honey, don't be so sensitive."

Lynette: "I hope you're right. At the risk of sounding too sensitive," (pointing to Mrs. Mulberry's plate) "how come she gets a bigger portion?"

Susan's House  Nighttime

Susan is on the front porch, holding a swan made of tin foil. Mike kisses her, then walks away.

Susan: "What, that's it?"

Mike: "You're the one who said you wanted things to be casual between us."

Susan: "Yeah, but that doesn't mean we have to act like brother and sister. I mean, you bought me ribs. I have gratitude to express."

Susan pulls Mike to her and kisses him. Mike kisses her back, then pulls away.

Susan: "What's wrong?"

Mike: "I can't do this. This casual thing. It's, it's weird."

Susan: "No, no, it's not. We're just gonna pretend like it was when we first started dating. We'll just see each other occasionally. You know, until we get this Zach thing resolved. You know, we'll just be easy about it. No commitments. Except, of course, neither of us is allowed to date anybody else."

Mike: "Look, I know how you feel about Zach, and I don't blame you. But he's part of the package right now and either you can accept that or you can't."

Susan nods.

Mike: "Anyway."

Mike begins to walk away. Susan watches as Mike leaves.

Susan: "Mike, wait!"

She runs after him. She catches up with him.

Susan: "I accept."

Mike: "Are you sure?"

Susan: "Zach's your son, and, and I have Julie and you've totally accepted her. I mean, granted, she's been the model child, so far, but she's almost fifteen. She's gonna turn on me any minute. You better be there to help me when it gets ugly."

Mike: "I will."

They smile and Susan kisses Mike.

Susan: "Good night."

She walks back toward her house.

Mike: "Uh, Susan."

Susan: "Yeah?"

Mike: "Technically, we don't have to be casual anymore."

Susan: " I can be naked in twenty seconds! That includes travel time."

Susan pulls Mike toward his house.

Fairview Jail Visiting Room

Couples are sitting across from each other.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, will you calm down?"

Carlos: "You incited a prison riot!"

Gabrielle: "It wasn't a riot. It was more of a melee."

Carlos: "Who's going to defend me now? Doyle knew my case. He knew the judge."

Gabrielle: "He called me a bitch."

Carlos: "Well, were you acting like one?"

Gabrielle: "He refused to help me get a conjugal visit."

Carlos: "Hold it. My lawyer's in traction because you wanted s*x?"

Gabrielle: "Not just for me. For us. In case you haven't noticed, Carlos, our marriage is still on shaky ground."

Carlos: "And you thought a conjugal visit would fix it?"

Gabrielle: "It couldn't hurt! Ever since you've been in here, all we do is bicker!"

Carlos: "That's all we ever did when I was out! That's what we do!"

Gabrielle: "Yeah, but when we would finish arguing, we had this great s*x! Now all we do is fight and there's no payoff and it sucks! You and I need to get laid!"

Everyone in the room turns to look at her.

Gabrielle: "Oh, don't judge me! You're not in here because you got caught helping the poor." (to Carlos) "See, we'd be enjoying this argument more if we had something to look forward to!"

Carlos: "Fine! Get the damn lawyer. And make it quick."

Gabrielle leaves.

Outside Bree's House  Nighttime

Bree stands outside with George. He leans forward and she kisses him on the forehead.

George: "I take it that was my goodnight kiss."

Bree: "George, you're a very special friend, you are, but Rex hasn't been dead four weeks so I think kissing on the lips is"

George: "Further than you want to go."

Bree: "Exactly. I hope you don't mind."

George takes hold of Bree's hands. The front door of Bree's house slams. They turn and see Andrew come out holding a trash bag. They drop hands.

Bree: "Andrew. What are you doing?"

Andrew: "Taking out the garbage."

Bree: "Of course. You remember Mr. Williams."

George: "Hi, Andrew."

Andrew: "George."

Bree: "Ah, well it's getting late so"

George: "Yeah. So let me know if you want to go out to dinner again soon. There's a couple new restaurants I would like to try."

Bree: "You know, we've been eating out a lot lately. Why don't you come over Friday for a home-cooked meal. Wouldn't that be nice?"

Andrew stands next to Bree.

George: "I would love that."

Andrew: "So you leaving or what?"

George: "We're not done talking."

Andrew: "She said it was getting late. In case you missed that, that was a hint."

Bree: "Andrew, that wasn't a hint."

George: "I'll go when I'm ready."

Bree: "Actually, it is getting late, and I am tired, so..."

Andrew: "See, you heard the lady. Now take off."

Andrew pushes George.

Bree: "Andrew!"

George: "It's okay. He's not really that tough. He knows I would never hit a child."

Andrew shoves George with both hands.

Bree: "Andrew!"

George pushes Andrew with one hand.

Bree: "George."

Andrew shoves George and knocks him down.

Bree: "Stop it, the two of you, this instant! This was a perfectly lovely evening and now the both of you have ruined it. I will not tolerate this kind of behavior. Do you understand?"

Andrew nods. Bree turns toward George, who is still on the ground. George gets up.

Bree: "All right then. George, we'll see you Friday for dinner. I'll be serving fish."

Bree turns and walks inside. Andrew follows her. George stares after him.

Lynette's house  Morning

Lynette is sitting on Parker's bed, waking him. Parker is holding the umbrella as he sleeps.

Lynette: "Hey buddy, wake up sleepyhead. Parker. Hi, hi pal. What do you say you and me go get some donuts, okay, before mommy has to go to work. Yeah?"

She pulls Parker up, but he falls back down asleep, hugging his umbrella.

Lynette: "Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on."

Lynette's Car  Morning

Lynette climbs in. Parker is sitting in the back seat.

Lynette: "All right. Ah. So, what do you think you are going to have, huh? Jelly? Cause I think I'm gonna have a bear claw."

Lynette begins backing up the car.

Parker: "Stop! We forgot Mrs. Mulberry!"

Lynette: "What? Oh, um. Well, since I'm here, maybe she could just relax in the house for a little while, okay?"

Parker: "No! I need her!"

Lynette: "Okay."

Lynette unbuckles her seat belt and gets out. She stands outside the passenger door and pretends to talk to someone.

Lynette: "Hello, Mrs. Mulberry. Don't forget to buckle up."

Back in the driver's seat, she begins to back up the car.

Lynette: "Here we go."

Parker: "Wait! You forgot her umbrella!"

Lynette: "Well Parker, we don't have time."

Parker: "No! She needs it!"

Lynette unbuckles her seat belt and runs inside the house.

Lynette's House - Bedroom

Tom is helping one of the twins get ready.

Tom: "Hey, what are you still doing here?"

Lynette: "I'm looking for Parker's umbrella. Have you seen it?"

Tom: "Nope, no, sorry. Hey honey, you'd better hurry. You're gonna be late for work."

Lynette: "Thank you for that."

Lynette runs out of the room. She runs outside, carrying a wide sun hat, and gets into the car.

Lynette: "I couldn't find Mrs. Mulberry's umbrella so I brought her her sun hat instead, all right? And, here we go."

Parker: "It's in the shower."

Lynette: "What?"

Parker: "Mrs. Mulberry said she left it in the shower."

Lynette: "Well why didn't Mrs. Mulberry volunteer that information before I turned your room upside down looking for it, hmm?"

Parker: "Are you going to go get it?"

Lynette: "No! I'm not going to get the damn umbrella! I'm so sorry, sweetie. I am not mad at you."

Parker unbuckles his seat belt and climbs out of the car.

Lynette: "What are you doing?"

Parker opens the other passenger door, then slams it.

Parker: "We don't want donuts."

Parker goes back into the house. Lynette puts her head on the steering wheel and sighs.

Bree's House

Bree is folding laundry when Andrew comes in wearing a ripped T-shirt.

Bree: "Andrew! You are not leaving the house dressed like that."

Andrew: "I'm, I'm just gonna meet some of the guys at the swim club."

Bree: "I don't care. Here, put this on. Every time you leave this house, you represent this family. And the least you can do is not humiliate us."

Andrew removes the ripped shirt and puts on the shirt Bree hands him.

Andrew: "A ripped T-shirt is just a look."

Bree: "Yes. A bad one. I hope you haven't made plans for tomorrow night."

Andrew: "Look, if you think I'm having dinner with the pharmacist, you're crazy."

Bree: "Part of the reason I'm having him over is so that you can get to know him."

Andrew: "Yeah, well, I don't want to get to know him."

Bree: "Honey, the feelings that you're having are perfectly normal, but George isn't trying to take your father's place. He's, well, he's just a friend."

Andrew: "Really? Just a friend? So you're not planning on getting more serious with this guy in the future?"

Bree: "You know, I haven't even thought about it."

Andrew: "You're so transparent, it's pathetic. You're worried about a ripped T-shirt humiliating this family? Wait 'till people see that you're dating the town nerd less than a month after your husband's funeral."

Bree: "I'll be serving dinner tomorrow at seven. Please don't be late."

Andrew: "Sorry, but, I already have plans."

Bree: "Andrew, don't you have a meet at the swim club?"

Andrew: "Yeah. So?"

Bree: "Doesn't it require a large entrance fee? One that you can't afford by yourself?"

Andrew: "Are you blackmailing me into coming to dinner?"

Bree: "Oh, you don't know the lengths I'd go to for even seating."

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

Susan is putting up a "missing" flier of Zach on a tree. Edie approaches wearing a bright pink cast on her leg.

Edie: "Mayer! Is this yours?"

She holds up the flier.

Edie: "It blew into my front yard."

Susan: "Oh, sorry. I'm helping Mike find Zach. You know, so we can all rest easy at night."

Edie: "Uh huh. And put him in jail? Oh, I don't think Mike would do that to his own son."

Susan: "You know?"

Edie: "That Mike's Zach's real father? Yes. Julie told Karl, Karl told me and I sent out a few e-mails."

Susan: "Well, thanks for your discretion."

Edie: "Boy. You would do anything to get Mike Delfino to love you. So what's gonna happen to little creepy when he gets here? Are you gonna be tucking him in at night? Making him breakfast in the morning? Careful to bob and weave as he tries to blow your head off?"

Susan: "You know, Edie, could you just back off? I mean the truth is we're probably never gonna find Zach, anyway. It's a needle in a haystack."

Edie: "Oh, I see, and then you'll still come off as little Miss Perfect self-sacrificing girlfriend. Putting his needs ahead of yours. Oh, why you conniving little shrew. I don't know why we're not closer."

David Bradley's Law Office

"There was a reason David Bradley was the most successful lawyer in all of Fairview."

Flashback - David is sitting across the desk from an attractive blond.

"His arguments were persuasive."

David: "No one ever has to know."

He grabs the blond and begins kissing her.

Flashback  He pushes a brunette against the wall and begins kissing her.

"His manner was forceful."

David: "Take it off. Take it off."

Flashback  His office door opens. Another woman comes out wearing a skimpy dress.

"And he tended to win on appeal."

David: "Please."

He begins kissing woman #3.

"And when it came to the more challenging cases"

Present time. Gabrielle is sitting across from David while he looks through Carlos' file.

"He knew it was to his advantage to raise the first objection."

David: "I'm not gonna take your case."

Gabrielle: "What?"

The intercom beeps.

David: "Yes?"

Secretary: "Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Bradley. Your dinner just cancelled. Did you want me to pull your reservation?"

David: "No, I still have to eat!" (to Gabrielle) "I'm sorry. Where were we?"

Gabrielle: "You were about to turn me down, then you reconsidered once you realized I was gonna throw a ton of money at you. Which I am."

David: "Ah. It's not about the money for me anymore, Mrs. Solis. The fact is if I don't feel passionately about a client, if I don't feel that fire in my belly, I don't bring my A game to court. And from what I've read, it will take my A game to save your husband."

Gabrielle: "Is this about the gay bashing thing? He's innocent."

David: "He went berserk and attacked a man in court."

Gabrielle: "Yeah, but that was a jealously thing. The man that my husband was trying to kill in court is not the least bit gay. Trust me."

David: "Your file also says you're seeking conjugal visits. Trying to keep the old marriage alive, huh?"

Gabrielle: "Why does everybody have a problem with me having s*x with my husband?"

David: "Can I be frank?"

Gabrielle: "Only if it ends with me getting what I want."

David: "Your marriage is doomed. "

Gabrielle: "Excuse me?"

David: "I've been doing this for a long time, Mrs. Solis. I know what incarceration can do to a relationship. Marriage is hard enough, but when you throw in cement walls and armed guards, iron bars, it tends to go downhill rather quickly. Conjugal visits, not withstanding."

Gabrielle: "But, I-"

David: "Listen. You want my advice? Walk away. You're young. You made a mistake. Learn from it. Maybe next time you'll marry smarter. If you'll excuse me, I have dinner reservations."

Gabrielle: "Reservation! You're eating alone, remember? And I have a feeling it's not the first time!"

Gabrielle grabs the file and walks out. David smiles as she leaves.


Parker's School  Headmasters's Office

Lynette: "I'm so sorry I couldn't get here sooner. I forgot my husband had to take our youngest to the pediatrician..."

Headmaster Lentz: "It's all right, Mrs. Scavo."

Lynette: "So, what did Parker do?"

Mrs. Truesdale: "Are you aware that your son has an imaginary friend? Mrs. Mulberry?"

Lynette: "Yes. We've met."

Mrs. Truesdale: "Well, um, yesterday Parker demanded that Mrs. Mulberry get her own easel during art, which was fine. But today it was a desk, and unfortunately we didn't have an extra desk."

Lynette: "Oh. That must have been ugly."

Patty: "It was."

Mrs. Truesdale: "Patty was rammed with this."

She passes over the umbrella.

Lynette: "Oh, I am so sorry."

Headmaster Lentz: "Mrs. Scavo. Have you experienced a death in your family recently?"

Lynette: "No. No. Why?"

Mrs. Truesdale: "Imaginary friends are often created as a coping mechanism, to deal with loss."

Lynette: "Uh huh."

Headmaster Lentz: "Or it might occur as a result of some major change or extensive alteration in their lives."

Mrs. Truesdale: "Exactly. A manifestation of some deep-seated unhappiness. Can you think of anything that might shed a little bit of light on this for us?"

Lynette begins to cry.

Headmaster Lentz: "Mrs. Scavo?"

Lynette cries louder. Patty hands a tissue box to the Mrs. Truesdale, who hands it to Headmaster Lentz, who hands it to Lynette.

Lynette: "Thank you."

Bree's House

Bree clears the table from dinner as George and Andrew sit across from each other at the dining room table.

George: "And I'm thinking it's the Golden Gate bridge. What a great place to get a picture of the sunset. So I lean out, way over the rail to get the shot. Next thing I know, the police arrived. People had called nine-one-one from their cell phones. Thought I was suicidal."

George laughs. Andrew, sitting across from him, also laughs. Bree seems pleased. She carries plates into the kitchen, where Danielle is washing dishes.

Bree: "I can't believe how well those two are getting along."

Danielle: "Yeah. It's freaky."

Bree: "Andrew is being polite and engaging. He's even laughing at George's jokes."

Danielle: "That's why it's freaky. George's jokes aren't funny."

In the dining room, George and Andrew are still laughing.

Andrew: "So, George. Can I ask you a question? It's kinda personal."

George: "Sure."

Andrew: "Have you ever actually been with a woman?"

George: "Excuse me?"

Andrew: "Well, let's be honest. I think it's obvious by the way that you talk and act that you're not a player. So, I was just curious to find out if you had ever actually gotten in the game."

George: "My experience with women is none of your business."

Andrew: "I think it is. I mean, you're dating my mom. And we both know that at your age, dating's a little more than just holding hands."

George: "We're not dating, exactly."

Andrew: "Well, sure you are. And you know what? I think it's great, but I want to make sure my mom's happy, you know and it would really set my mind at ease to know she's with a guy who knows how to please a lady."

George: "This is inappropriate."

Andrew: "You know, my parents had a great s*x life. Yeah, I heard 'em through the wall in my bedroom once."

George: "Please shut up."

Andrew: "You should have heard my mom too. She had this, this weird moan. It was kinda like 'ummm, uh!' Isn't that bizarre? That's the sound my mom makes when she climaxes."

George stares at Andrew. Bree and Danielle enter the room, carrying dessert.

Bree: "Okay, time for cobbler. Sorry, one of the dessert plates doesn't match. I tried to replace it but it's Spode Florence. It's a rare pattern. Belonged to my grandmother, but hopefully, once you taste the dessert, you'll forget all about it."

George: "I'm not hungry."

Bree: "George you have to have this. It's absolutely scrumptious." (Bree takes a bite) "Ummm, ummm!"

Andrew mouths "That's it" to George while pointing to his mother. George jumps up and slams his hand on the table.

George: "Go to your room!"

Bree: "George."

George: "You heard me. Go to your room."

Andrew: "Mr. Williams, what's wrong? Did I say something wrong?"

George: "Bree, please back me up."

Bree: "Well. What did he say?"

George: "I can't say. It's too sordid, but he said it! Are you gonna back me up or what?"

Bree: "George, I can't allow you to discipline my child if you won't even tell me what he did."

George stares at Andrew, who smiles slightly. George storms out of the house.

Bree: "George! George!"

Gabrielle's House

Gabrielle enters the kitchen, carrying shopping bags. She pushes the button on the answering machine.

David: (on machine) "Mrs. Solis. David Bradley. Look I feel really bad about the tone of our meeting so to make up for it, I'm gonna do you a favor. The more I think of it, the more I'm convinced your marriage is a train wreck, the gnarly type, you know, mass casualties. Anyway, I'm passing on the name of a divorce lawyer. K-"

Gabrielle hits the "off" button, hard.

David Bradley's Law Office

Gabrielle storms in.

Gabrielle: "You have some nerve, leaving that message on my machine."

David: "You realize this is entirely inappropriate."

Gabrielle: "I will tell you what is inappropriate. You making sweeping assumptions about the state of my marriage."

David: "Care for a drink?"

Gabrielle: "No. I like to keep a clear head when I'm telling people off. What makes you think you know anything about me or my husband?"

David: "Well, your husband's record speaks for itself. But you, I'd rely on my instincts."

Gabrielle: "Would those be the same instincts that picked out that cologne?"

David: "You're privileged. You're pampered. You're spoiled. You want what you want, when you want it. You want excitement. A quickie every five months in a prison trailer isn't gonna scratch that itch."

Gabrielle: "With all due respect, I will decide for myself what needs to be scratched and when."

David: "Mrs. Solis, you are a beautiful, desirable woman. Your husband is a dimwit. A corrupt violent criminal. You could do so much better."

Gabrielle: "Are you hitting on me?"

David: "What would you say if I were?"

Gabrielle: "I'd say I'm pregnant!"

David: "So, I see you're stuck."

Gabrielle: "I'm not stuck, Mr. Bradley. Believe it or not, I love my husband."

David: "I charge seven hundred dollars an hour plus Xeroxing."

Gabrielle: "I'll pay you six and I expect a conjugal visit tomorrow by noon."

David: "Aren't you demanding."

Gabrielle: "Like you said. I want what I want when I want it."

She walks out of the office.

Fairview Memorial Park - Daytime

Mike and Susan are walking through the park, holding fliers.

Mike: "So, a woman I talked to in Social Service said a lot of runaways hang out here. What?"

Susan: "I'm just happy to be spending the day with you."

Mike: "At homeless shelters and bus stations? I'm gonna go ask these guys if they've seen Zach. I think we'll cover more ground if we split up."

Susan: "Okay."

Mike kisses Susan before he walks away.

Mike: "Thanks."

Susan walks around by herself, handing out fliers to people she passes.

Susan: "Have you seen this boy? Hey, missing kid. Anyone? Going once, going twice..."

At an ice cream stand, Susan takes two sundaes, holding one in each hand. She gestures to the fliers.

Susan: "Oh. Do you mind keeping those and pass them out when people get their ice cream?"

Ice Cream Vendor: "Huh."

Susan: "What?"

Ice Cream Vendor: "Well, isn't that him?"

He points to a nearby bench.

Ice Cream Vendor: "Over there."

Susan sees Zach sitting on the bench.

Susan: "Oh. Zach. Zach!"

Susan runs to Zach, still holding the ice cream. Zach sees her and takes off running.

Susan: "Whoa. No, no no. No, no no, oh. Don't, don't, don't. Don't, don't, Zach, don't run away. Wait! Come on, just, would you just get back here? Come on really, just, let's just talk."

Susan chases after Zach, as the ice cream drips all over her.

Susan: "Damn it Zach. It's enough already."

Zach is cornered and picks up a plank of wood and holds it up toward Susan. Susan tosses the ice cream and runs away.

Mike is standing by a statue, looking around. Susan comes running up, looking behind her. She is a mess, covered in ice cream and fudge sauce.

Mike: "Nobody here has seen Zach. But theress a halfway house on the west side I want to check out. Are you okay?"

Susan: "I got you some ice cream."

Mike: "You did?"

Susan: "But then I got hungry."

Bree's House

Susan, Gabrielle, and Bree stand in the kitchen.

Susan: "So then I just threw my ice cream at him and ran. Well, somebody say something."

Gabrielle: "Thank God you were in flats."

Bree: "I'm still recovering from Mike is Zach's real father."

Susan: "I should have told Mike I saw Zach. I'm a horrible person, right?"

Gabrielle: "No, Susan, come on. Zach attacked Felicia. He, he blew up your kitchen. Evidently he tried to kill Mike. We can all agree this kid's a freak!"

Susan: "What do you think, Bree?"

Bree: "Well, I think given everything that's happened, um, it's perfectly justified that you'd be frightened of Zach."

Susan: "But"

Bree: "But, Zach is Mary Alice's son. He grew up playing in our yards. If he has any hope of surviving, I have to believe he's better off here than on the street."

Susan nods.

Lynette's House

Tom and Lynette are doing dishes together.

Lynette: "I couldn't have imagined how much going back to work would upset Parker."

Tom: "Look, he's gonna be fine. He's just gotta get used to daddy providing all the love. I'm kidding, I'm kidding. I am kidding. Kids are resilient. He will adapt."

Lynette: "Tom, he attacked a teacher with an umbrella."

Tom: "It was a poke. He poked her."

Lynette: "I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't be working."

Tom: "The kids would certainly benefit from having two stay-at-home parents, although buying food might become an issue."

Lynette: "Maybe I can change my work schedule. Try to get some flex time."

Tom: "Would Nina go for that?"

Lynette: "No! No, no, no, no, no! It would help if you came up with some ideas."

Tom: "How about hugs?"

Lynette: "Hugs?"

Tom: "Yeah. read about in one of those family magazines that kids are supposed to get, like, ten hugs a day. It makes them feel more secure. I say pile on the hugs."

Lynette: "That'll fix everything? Hugs?"

Tom: "Yeah. Come here. Come here. Hi."

Lynette: "Hi."

Tom (hugging Lynette): "It's working, isn't it?"

Lynette: "Shut up."

Lynette's House - Parker's Room

Parker is sitting in his bed, reading by flashlight under an open umbrella. Lynette enters.

Lynette: "Hey, buddy. You busy?"

Parker: "Yes. Mrs. Mulberry is reading to me."

Lynette: "Well, isn't she nice. It's time for bed, so I'm gonna tuck you in, okay?"

Lynette closes the book and takes the umbrella.

Parker: "No!"

Lynette closes the umbrella and sits next to Parker.

Lynette: "I know things have been hard for you since I started back to work, but it is just as hard for me to be away from you. And, you just have to remember that even when I'm not around, my love for you is real. You may not be able to see it, but it's not imaginary like Mrs. Mulberry. It's real. Okay, honey?"

Parker: "Mrs. Mulberry is real. She said you're a liar."

Lynette: "Parker!"

Parker pulls the sheet over his head. Lynette pulls it down.

Lynette: "Parker."

Parker: "We're reading."

He pulls the sheet back over him.

Lynette pats Parker's head and walks out.

Fairview Memorial Park  Daytime

Bree and George are having a picnic at a picnic table.

George: "I don't understand. Why can't we see each other anymore?"

Bree: "Because. Ever since I found out what Andrew said, I've been doing some soul searching and I realize that everything that's happened is completely my fault."

George: "Oh no. That's, that's ridiculous."

Bree: "No, it's not. All the things that Andrew's been saying, the way he's been acting, it's all connected to his father's death and it's clear to me that I need to spend more time focusing on him and his needs."

George: "You know, you're right. You do need to focus on Andrew."

Bree: "Thank you, George, for being so understanding."

George: "Of course. So have you thought about counseling? That place you sent him to, that behavioral modification camp. He got counseling there, right?"

Bree: "But I only sent him there because his behavior at the time was so completely out of bounds."

George: "You don't think that what he said to me was out of bounds?"

Bree: "I just think if I spend a lot of time with him, it'll really help."

George: "Why not do both? Let him spend a few months with some caring professionals, then bring him home."

Bree: "What he said to you was horribly rude. That camp, it's extreme and unless I felt like Andrew was getting really out of control, then"

George: "Well, let's hope it doesn't come to that. You know, in spite of everything that's happened, I really like Andrew."

Bree: "Oh George, really?"

George: "Yeah. Truth is, he reminds me of me."

Fairview County Jail Conjugal Visit Trailer

Guard: "Conjugal visit rules are you got forty-five minutes.We call every fifteen minutes to make sure you're still here.You understand?"

Gabrielle: "Yes, we got it. Uh, we interrupt our lovemaking to answer the phone or you call out the dogs."

Gabrielle pushes the guard out of the trailer. She turns toward Carlos.

Gabrielle: "I'm ready whenever you"

Carlos is already in his underwear.

Gabrielle: "obviously are."

Gabrielle jumps into Carlos' arms. They fall on the bed and begin kissing.

Later, clothes are strewn all over the floor. Carlos and Gabrielle in bed.

Gabrielle: "Carlos, are we gonna make it?"

Carlos: "We just did. You wanna go again?"

Gabrielle: "No. I'm talking about us. Our relationship, our marriage. Carlos, you're gonna be a father. When you get out of here, you're gonna need to get a job and make an honest living, for me and our child."

Carlos: "Babe, I've learned my lesson. Okay, when I get out of here, everything's gonna be different. We're gonna start over with a new life, and a great family and nothing is gonna get in the way of that. Hey, so you never told me. How's the new lawyer? Do you like him?"

The phone rings. Carlos reaches over and answers.

Carlos: "Yeah. Yeah, I'm still here."

Gabrielle: "Okay, enough chit chat. We only have thirty minutes left and I want to make the most of it."

Fairview Memorial Park

Susan is wandering around the park. She sees Zach sitting on a bench. Zach's foot is bandaged. He picks at the bandage before looking up to see Susan approaching.

Susan: "Okay, please, please don't run."

Zach: "I can't. I hurt my foot."

Susan: "How?"

Zach: "I landed on it funny when I was running away from you. What do you want?"

Susan: "Just to talk to you."

Zach: "Why?"

Susan: "Because, I have a lot of things to say so you can just listen. I'll buy you some food. When was the last time you ate?"

Restaurant

Zach is eating.

Zach: "My dad's alive? Where is he?"

Susan: "I don't know. He, he disappeared."

Zach: "But Mike did not kill him? He's alive, you swear?"

Susan: "I swear."

Zach: "Maybe he went to Utah. I mean he used to have a life there. Before me. I don't know, I just need to get some money to find him."

Susan: "Zach, you know what I think? I think you should come back with me."

Zach: "Why?"

Susan: "Because there are still people at home who care about you and there's things that you need to know."

Zach: "Like what?"

Susan: "Well, I can't tell you. You know, you messed up a lot of people's lives. You can't run away from that."

Zach: "Do you mean Julie?"

Susan: "What?"

Zach: "I know that I messed up her life but I didn't mean to. I really miss her out here. I think about her all the time."

Susan: "Yeah, well, Julie's a really special girl."

Zach: "Has she said anything about me? Because if she has, then I might still have a chance with her. If I come back with you, then I could make it up to her."

Susan: "Do you know what I think? I think you were right. I think you should try to find your father first."

Zach: "Yeah?"

Susan: "Yeah. Now that you know he's okay, you should go to him. He'll want to take care of you. That's what parents do. Let me help. How much money do you think you'll need to get to Utah?"

Susan opens her purse.

Lynette's House - Nighttime

Lynette is lying in bed, awake. She gets up and goes into Parker's room. He is sleeping and his umbrella has fallen to the floor. Lynette strokes Parker's head, then grabs the umbrella.

Outside Lynette's House

Lynette goes to the trash can. She opens it and jams the umbrella inside.

Wisteria Lane  Daytime

The garbage truck is stopped in front of the Scavo house. The worker picks up the can containing the umbrella and dumps it inside the trash truck. He jumps on the side of the truck and it takes off. As it pulls away, the umbrella falls out of the truck, onto the street, and opens.

Lynette's House

In the kitchen, Tom is reading the paper at the table while Lynette sorts through work papers. Parker runs downstairs.

Parker: "Daddy. I can't find Mrs. Mulberry's umbrella. Where is it?"

Tom: "Well, I don't know, sport. Honey, have you seen the umbrella?"

Lynette: "No, can't say that I have."

Tom: "Okay, listen, don't worry about it. I'm sure Mrs. Mulberry is around here somewhere."

Lynette: "Or, uh, maybe she's not. She could have left. You know. Maybe she had some other little boy that she needed to help."

Parker: "Like who?"

Lynette: "I don't know. It could be a little boy in, uh, England named Spencer."

Tom: "Lynette?"

Lynette: "I mean this is conjecture on my part, but it is possible that someone like little Spencer needs Mrs. Mulberry more 'cause he doesn't have a daddy and a mommy who love him. Yeah, that's it. He's an orphan with no hands. Okay?"

Parker nods.

Lynette: "You're so sweet. Come here. I love you. You all right? Go get dressed."

Parker runs upstairs.

Tom: "What have you done to Mrs. Mulberry?"

Lynette: "Until there's a body, there's no evidence of a crime."

Later, Parker, Lynette, and Tom walk out the front door. Parker sees the open umbrella in the street.

Parker: "Mrs. Mulberry! She's back."

Lynette: "Oh. Goodie!"

Parker: "Mrs. Mulberry's back."

Just then, the garbage truck drives by and runs over the umbrella. Parker runs out to the crushed umbrella. He turns and grabs Lynette and cries on her.

Lynette: "Oh."

Parker: "She got run over. She's dead."

Lynette: "Oh. Don't you worry. I'm here."

Tom: "Maybe it's okay, buddy. Maybe we can call nine-one-one."

Lynette: "No, Tom. She's gone."

Swim Meet

Andrew is getting ready to race. He waves to Bree, sitting on the side. He sees George approaching Bree with a gift bag. Andrew watches as George finds Bree and sits next to her.

Announcer: "Swimmers, take your mark."

Bree: "George, what are you doing here?"

George: "Don't worry Bree, I'll be quick. I thought about what you said and you're right. Andrew needs his space."

Bree: "Thank you, George."

George: "It's best that I stay away and I completely understand if you want to change pharmacists, but I did want to give you a little goodbye gift."

Bree: "Oh."

A starter pistol fires and the swimmers begin racing.

Bree opens the box and pulls out a plate.

Bree: "George, it's my pattern. Where did you find it?"

George: "I got lucky at an online auction."

Andrew, swimming in the race, is distracted as he watches Bree and George.

Bree: "I love it. Thank you."

Bree hugs George, who begins to kiss her neck. Bree tries to pull back.

Bree: "George."

Andrew stops swimming when he sees George kissing his mother. George looks over at Andrew.

Bree pushes against George.

Bree: "George. George. George!"

Andrew swims across the swimming lanes and climbs out of the pool. George and Bree see him.

Bree: "Andrew, what are you doing?"

Andrew jumps on George and begins punching him in the face.

Bree: "Andrew! Andrew!"

George stands up, trying to get away and Andrew jumps on his back.

George: "You crazy-"

Bree: "Stop it!"

The coach comes over and pulls Andrew off. Bree helps George into a chair.

Andrew: "Did you see it? He was kissing her!"

Bree ( to George ): "Oh my God. You're bleeding"

Andrew: "That freak was kissing her!"

Coach: "I don't care. You gotta calm down now!"

George looks over at Andrew with the hint of a smile on his face.

Bree's House

In his room, Andrew is packing a suitcase. He places a picture of Rex in his bag as Bree watches.

"The world is filled with good fathers. How do we recognize them? They're the ones who are missed so terribly that everything falls apart in their absence."

Fairview County Jail Conjugal Visit Trailer

Gabrielle is asleep and Carlos is watching her. He places a hand gently on her stomach.

"They're the ones who love us, long before we've even arrived."

Wisteria Lane  Nighttime

Mike is walking his dog and finds a flyer of Zach on the ground.

"They're the ones who come looking for us when we can't find our way home."

Lynette's House  Nighttime

Tom walks in the bedroom to find Lynette sobbing in bed.

Tom: "Hey, what's wrong?"

Lynette: "Because of me, my son's imaginary friend got crushed by a garbage truck. I am the worst person in the world."

Tom puts his arm around Lynette.

"Yes, the world is filled with good fathers."

Tom: "Honey, he is gonna get over this in no time. Trust me. And one day, when he is all grown up, you and Parker are gonna laugh hysterically about this."

Lynette: "You really think so? Really?"

"And the best are the ones who make the women in their lives"

Tom: "I promise."

He kisses her forehead and hugs her.

"feel like good mothers."

"George Williams had never been lucky in love."

Flashback: George gets out of his car carrying flowers and walks up to a front door. He opens his mouth and sprays a breath freshener in it.

"It seems that the women he dated always invented reasons not to consummate their relationship."

Young Woman: "Um, I'm afraid we'd wake my roommate."

She slams the door on George.

Career Woman: "Uh, I have to get up really early for work."

She slams the door on George.

Slutty Woman: "I'm, uh, saving myself for marriage."

She slams the door on George.

"Sadly for George, it was one unoriginal excuse after another."

Bree's House

Present Day: George knocks on Bree's door.

"But since he'd started seeing Bree Van de Kamp, George couldn't help but feel..."

Bree: "Hi. The kids are gone. We have the house all to ourselves tonight."

"...his luck was about to change."

After dinner, Bree and George enter Bree's living room and sit on the sofa.

Bree: "I thought the duck turned out well. Although the sauce was a little bit thick, but judging by how many helpings you had, I think I got away with it. What are you thinking about?"

George: "Your hair. Would you mind if I...?"

Bree: "Uh, no, go ahead."

George reaches for the clip holding Bree's bun and her hair falls to her shoulders.

Bree: "That better?"

George moves closer on the couch and kisses Bree.

Bree: "That was nice."

George falls onto Bree, pushing her down onto the couch, kissing her.

Bree pushes George back slightly.

George: "It's okay that I'm doing this right?"

Bree: "Well, I thought we were going to let the duck digest a bit more, but what the heck."

She pulls George back to her.

Bree: "Oh!"

She grabs her neck.

George: "What's wrong?"

Bree: "I don't know. I felt something weird."

George: "Oh, that was my tongue. It extends farther than most. I should have warned you."

Bree: "No, no, no, it wasn't your kiss. I felt something weird on my neck."

George pushes her down again and starts kissing her. Bree continues to scratch at her neck.

George: "What, what are you doing?"

Bree: "I don't know. I'm just really starting to itch."

George: "Oh."

They sit up and Bree begins to scratch all over. George stares at her neck.

Bree: "What is it?"

George: "You, you've got a huge rash."

Bree jumps up and runs to a mirror. She sees the rash on her check which is now spreading to her face. She continues to scratch.

Bree: "Oh, ah, ah, it's starting to spread to my face."

George: "Are you allergic to something you ate?"

Bree: "Oh, I don't think so. I've made duck l'orange a thousand times."

George: "Something is causing that rash."

Bree stares at George. She opens the front door and begins pushing him out.

George: "Bree, Bree, please don't."

Bree: "I'm sorry George, but you have to go."

George: "But the kids are away. I was sort of hoping we could make love tonight."

Bree: "How are we going to do that George? You have just given me hives."

Bree slams the door in George's face.

"Though painful to hear, George had to admit at least this excuse was original."

Opening Credits

Susan's House

"It's a fact that little girls dream of big, white wedding. Of course, the exact same thing can be said for big girls."

Susan is pinning a wedding dress on her mother, Sophie Bremmer.

"Some of whom can get incredibly anxious waiting for the boys in their lives to make those dreams come true."

Mike is sitting on the couch reading the newspaper. Susan sneaks a peek at Mike to see if he is watching her and accidentally pokes her mom with a pin.

Sophie: "Ouch. Oh. Watch it Susie."

Susan: "Mom, why don't you just go see a dressmaker?"

Sophie: "Wait, I have the perfect idea. You get in the dress and I'll pin it." (to Mike) "We wear the same size."

Susan: "Since when?"

Sophie: "Since forever." (to Mike) "You have to leave though. You can't stay. You can't see Susie in a wedding dress. Not until your big day."

Susan: "Mom!"

Mike: "No, it's not a problem. I can see her in it."

Susan and her mom look at Mike in shock.

Sophie: "You can?"

Susan: "You can?"

Mike: "I assume you want to pick out your own wedding dress when we get married, right?"

Sophie: "Oh, that sounds like a proposal."

Mike: "Did it?"

Susan: "Yeah, it did."

Mike: "Huh, what do you know?"

Sophie: "Are you planning to pop the question?"

Mike: "Well, if she knows it's coming, the question won't really pop' now will it?"

Susan: "He's right, mom. Oh, I want it to be just like you do. You know on your own terms and you get down on one knee and the whole production."

Mike: "That's the plan."

Susan: "Well. Then I can wait. I can wait. I'm a good waiter."

Mike: "Good."

Susan: "I was just wondering if, if there's a ball park of how long I will have to wait. A week, a month, after lunch?"

Mike: "Again, you're not waiting for the pop.'"

Susan: "Right, right, I'm sorry."

Mike leaves the room.

Sophie: "Yay!"

Susan: "Mom."

Dr. Goldfine's Office

Dr. Goldfine: "So, the hives occurred right after you kissed George."

Bree: "Yes, it was the strangest thing. And so inconvenient. To be honest, I think we were about the make love for the first time."

Dr. Goldfine: "Bree, have you considered the idea that your subconscious mind was trying to sabotage your evening with George?"

Bree: "Actually, I have not considered that because that's idiotic!"

Dr. Goldfine: "You don't think being with George made you feel a bit guilty?"

Bree: "Why should I feel guilty?"

Dr. Goldfine: "Perhaps you felt you were about to commit adultery."

Bree: "Dr. Goldfine, Rex is dead. You can't cheat on a corpse."

Dr. Goldfine looks at Bree's hands as she rubs the area where her wedding ring would be.

Dr. Goldfine: "But, maybe that's not how you really feel deep down."

Bree: "Oh so you uh, think I'm crazy?"

Dr. Goldfine: "You say you got a case of hives for no reason. I think there is a reason and it's probably a psychosomatic one."

Bree: "You can think whatever you want, but to be honest, I don't believe in the subconscious."

Dr. Goldfine: "Everytime you've said Rex in this session, you've stroked the place where you wedding ring used to be. Why did you do that?"

Bree looks down at her hands, where she is stroking her ring finger. She stops abruptly.

Advertising Agency - Daytime

In the conference room, a staff meeting is going on.

Nina: "Let's talk about Monday. We are re-pitching to the Kamarov people. Lynette, you'll be on point."

Lynette: "Great, great, no problem."

Nina: "And, can you do me a favor and maybe not wear the green suit?"

Lynette: "Um, I wasn't planning to, uh, but why?"

Nina: "The fabric. Tt just has this quality to it like you could, I don't know, wipe it clean with a damp cloth."

The other staff member laugh quietly.

Lynette: "I'll just wear a different suit then."

Nina: "Great. Like what, you think?"

Lynette: "Another suit. I have other suits."

Nina: "And if by other suits, you mean the grey one, then, of course you do."

Lynette: "No, actually, I have quite a few others. Uh, the blue one, and uh..."

The other staff members snicker..

Lynette: "What's wrong with the blue suit?"

Stu walks in and places a cup of coffee in front of Nina.

Nina: "Stu. Would you like to tell Lynette what's wrong with the blue suit?"

Stu: "No. That's cool."

Nina: "Stu! Come on. Do the thing, the thing that you did at lunch."

Nina pretends to rub stuff onto her suit.

Nina: "Look at me. I'm Lynette. I've got food stains everywhere."

Lynette: "All right, so if I get my blue suit dry cleaned, will that be acceptable to everyone?"

Stu: "The pants also have a split seam in the back."

Nina smiles.

Fairview County Courthouse

Gabrielle walks up to David, wearing a slinky gold outfit.

Gabrielle: "Excuse me. Hello, David."

David: "What the hell is this? I thought I told you to dress maternal."

Gabrielle: "Yes, you did, and I considered it for about a second."

David: "What happened?"

Gabrielle: "David, I know you're the lawyer and all, but trust me, it's never a smart strategy to cover this up."

David: "We've got forty minutes before the pre-trial hearing. Let's go home and get you changed."

Gabrielle: "What?"

David: "You want to get your husband out of jail? You gotta dress like a pregnant, suffering wife, not the cover of Vogue."

A man walks up to them.

Louis: "David."

David: "Louis. What are you doing here?"

Louis: "I need a favor, David."

David: "If this has to do with lifting my client's restraining order, the answer's the same one you got last week."

Louis: "You don't understand. I love Crystal."

David: "Yeah, we all love the pretty ladies at the Stop n' Shop, but now you gotta love her from fifty yards away."

Louis: "You turned her against me. If it wasn't for you, we'd be together."

David: "Louis, Crystal hired me to keep you away from her. She doesn't want to see you."

Louis: "Oh, yeah, then, then why did she ask for my phone number?"

David: "She's a cashier. You paid by check. It doesn't make you special."

David holds Gabrielle by the arm and walks away from Louis.

Louis: "Don't walk away from me. We're having a conversation!"

David: "Louis, this is your problem. You're creepy! Nobody likes you. What you call a conversation the rest of us call harassment. You want a friend? Get a hamster!"

Louis: "David!"

Louis pulls out a gun. He points it toward David and Gabrielle. David pushes Gabrielle around behind him and down to the floor. David holds his briefcase in front of him as Louis closes his eyes and begins firing at him.

Bystander #1: "Call the police!"

Bystander #2: "Stay there!"

Louis runs out of bullets. David looks at himself and sees that he has not been hit.

Louis throws the empty gun at David who catches it. Louis runs away.

David: "That's right, you better run. I'm gonna get some bullets for this thing and come after you!"

Security Guard (pointing his gun at David): "Freeze!"

David: "Hey, everything's cool."

The guard shoots David. Gabrielle screams. David drops slowly to his knees. Gabrielle approaches.

Gabrielle: "Are you okay?"

Wisteria Lane - Daytime

Paul Young is mowing his front lawn.

"Weeds are a common annoyance of life in suburbia and no matter how hard we try to get rid of them, they always tend to crop back up."

Gabrielle is on her porch watching Paul. She is on the phone.

Gabrielle: "Are you seeing this?"

Bree: "I don't believe him. He is so brazen."

Gabrielle: "He's just mowing the lawn like nothing ever happened. What should we do? Should we call the police?"

Bree: "Well, Susan did say that he murdered Mrs. Huber, so my vote would be yes."

Gabrielle: "Oh, my god, Susan's home."

They watch as Susan's car pulls into her driveway. She gets out and takes bags of groceries out of her van.

Gabrielle: "Has she seen Paul yet?"

Susan looks across the street and sees Paul mowing his lawn. She drops all the bags.

Bree: "I think so."

A can rolls into the street. Paul picks it up.

Paul: "Hello, Susan."

Susan: "Oh, my god. Paul."

Paul: "Need some help with those bags?"

Susan: "Why...are you doing here?"

Paul: "This is where I live. I came home to find my son. Here you go."

He holds out the can he picked up.

Susan: "No, don't come near me."

Paul: "I'm just giving you back your pie filling."

Susan: "I don't want my pie filling."

Paul: "Oh, come on. Just take it."

Susan: "No, stop! Put that pie filling down. Slowly. I'm calling nine-one-one."

Paul: "You don't want to do that."

Susan: "Oh, I think I do. You're a cold-blooded murderer."

Paul: "Susan, how can you believe that? We've been neighbors for years."

Bree and Gabrielle approach and get in front of Susan.

Paul: "Ladies, good to see you."

Bree: "Paul, we've called the police."

Paul: "You didn't really need to do that."

Gabrielle: "We know what you did to Mrs. Huber."

Paul: "Wonderful. I see you've all turned into Susan while I've been gone."

A police car pulls up.

Susan: "Oh, thank god, they're here."

A crowd of neighbors gather to see what's happening.

Mrs. Greenberg: "Hey, hey, what's going on?"

Edie: "Oh, Mayer's convinced that Paul Young murdered Martha Huber."

Mrs. Greenberg: "Oh, my god! I live right behind him."

Mrs. Fromme: "I know. I gave him my house keys to feed my cat."

Edie: "I win. I made out with him."

Police Officer gives Paul back his license and approaches Susan.

Police Officer: "Here you go. There's no warrant here for a Paul Young."

Gabrielle: "Why don't you ask Mike? He overheard everything, right?"

Police Officer: "Who's Mike?"

Susan: "Uh, he's my boyfriend, and, and he told me that Paul confessed everything to him. Oh, and Mike has Martha's journals, which clearly prove that Paul had a motive."

Police Officer: "All right, all right, where do I find this Mike guy?"

Susan: "Uh, he's, follow me."

Paul: "You mind if I stay here? I've got a lot of raking to do."

Police Officer: "Let's go."

Susan and the officer walk to Mike's house. The crowd follows. Mike opens the front door.

Mike: "Hey. What's going on?"

Susan: "Mike, Paul Young is back. Look."

She points across the street where Paul is raking his leaves.

Police Officer: "Your girlfriend said Mr. Young confessed a murder to you?"

Mike: "Um, no. No, not to me."

Police Officer: "And I don't suppose you have a journal that belonged to a Martha Huber?"

Mike: "No. I hardly knew her. Besides, you ever known a woman who'd loan out her diary?"

Susan: "Mike, what are you doing?"

Mike: "I'm sorry, Susan. I don't know what you're talking about. But I've got a job to get to. Is there anything else?"

Police Officer: "No, no, that pretty much covers it."

Mike walks past the gathered crowd.

Edie: "Well, someone might as well say it. Susan, what the hell have you been smoking?"

Lynette's House

Lynette walks into the bedroom wearing a beautiful expensive-looking white suit.

Lynette: "Okay."

Tom: "Wow! Nice."

Tom looks at the price tag on the suit.

Tom: "Oh, my god!"

Lynette: "Okay, don't be distracted by that. Look at me. Here I am tomorrow, making my presentation."

Lynette poses and spins.

Lynette: "You see? You see how it, how it moves with me? That's where the magic is."

Tom: "Nine hundred dollars?"

Lynette: "Yeah, well, this one was the most expensive. The other ones aren't as nice. But look. Look, look, look, look at me, look at me. Watch. I don't walk in it. I glide."

Tom: "Um, honey, you know what? There's gotta be like three thousand dollars worth of clothes here."

Lynette: "Yeah, well, I haven't bought a new suit in six years."

Tom: "So? When I was working, you don't think I would have loved to have a designer suit? I wore wash-and-wear so that we could live in a nice neighborhood, so we could take the kids on vacation every summer. I mean, I made sacrifices."

Lynette: "I'm willing to make sacrifices."

Tom: "Great, well, let's start here, because" (holds up a suit) "this should cover a math tutor for Parker."

Lynette: "Whoa, hold on a sec."

Tom holds up another suit.

Tom: "Six months of pre-school for Penny."

Lynette: "All right, now you're being ridiculous."

Tom: "You know what? And the twins, they're gonna need braces. That oughta make a dent."

He points to the white suit Lynette is wearing.

Lynette: "Oh, no. Come on, Tom. Not this one."

Tom: "Strip."

Lynette: "You saw the walk, right? You wanna see the walk again? I'll tutor Parker myself."

Tom: "Honey, that'd be great. You also gonna take up home dentistry?"

Lynette: "Fine. I'll take them back. Could you step out for a minute, please? I want to be alone with it for a little while."

Bree's House - Nighttime

Bree is lying in bed, reading and rubbing her ring finger. She stops herself and picks up the phone.

Bree: "Hi, it's Bree."

George: "Hi. I was thinking about calling you. I just got some new antihistamines in at the store. I think they're really gonna help with your rash."

Bree: "Well, great. Um, how would you feel about the two of us checking into a romantic hotel tomorrow?"

George: "What? Uh, I, I'd like that very much."

Bree: "I will let you make all the arrangements. Something out of town would be nice. Good night."

They hang up.

George: "Yes!"

Wisteria Lane - Nighttime

Mike pulls into his driveway. Susan suddenly appears at the driver's window.

Susan: "We need to talk."

Mike: "Where did you come from?"

Susan: "I'm sorry. I've been waiting for you. I'm just a little upset because everybody thinks I'm crazy."

Mike: "Can I at least get out of the truck first?"

Susan: "Yes, definitely. I mean, I can understand why you wouldn't want the cops to know that you kidnapped Paul. I mean, that definitely looks bad."

Mike: "Since I was on probation."

Susan: "Well, right. I mean, there's that."

Mike: "And in possession of a gun."

Susan: "Well, okay..."

Mike: "Which I held to his head. So I violated my probation, committed a felony, and coerced a confession. If the cops found out about that, I'd be looking at ten to fifteen years."

Susan: "But why don't you want 'em to know about Martha Huber's journal? I mean, she says right in there that she was blackmailing Paul's wife."

Mike: "She also says right in there that she was blackmailing you for burning down Edie's house."

Susan: "Oh. I forgot about that. I just can't believe it. I mean, there he is, a murderer, just living right on our street, and there's nothing we can do about it because you're a convicted felon and I burned down that stupid house. It's unfair."

Mike: "I want Paul Young gone as badly as you do, and he will be, but I also want to find Zach. I think once Zach finds out Paul's here, I got a feeling he'll be back."

Susan: "Well, that's comforting to know there's a silver lining."


Hospital

David is lying in a hospital bed with his arm in a sling. Gabrielle knocks on the doorframe and walks in.

David: "Hi. What are you doing here?"

Gabrielle: "Well, you protected me from a hail of gun fire, so I thought I'd stop by and give you a card."

David: "You're my first visitor."

Gabrielle: "What do you mean, I'm your first visitor? You've been here two days."

David: "My office sent me flowers."

Gabrielle: "Oh."

She pulls the card from the vase of flowers and reads it out loud.

Gabrielle: "'Dear David, who knew you could actually bleed? Sincerely, your stunned co-workers.'"

David: "Yeah, well, I'm a lawyer who got shot. Everybody's cracking wise."

Gabrielle: "You're not gonna eat?"

David: "Uh, can't really cut yet."

She walks over and begins to cut up his food for him.

Gabrielle: "Well, I'm not gonna let you starve to death. Besides, you're gonna need your strength to get my husband out of jail."

David: "You know, when I was waiting for the ambulance the other day, I seriously thought I was gonna die. I was scared."

Gabrielle: "Of course you were."

David: "Thanks"

Gabrielle: "For what?"

David: "For not making any jokes."

Gabrielle: "Sure. Now, open up."

She feeds him a piece of meat.

Advertising Agency

Lynette walks in wearing a grey suit. Stu hands her her messages.

Lynette: "Thank you."

She looks and sees Nina is escorting people into the conference room. Lynette sees that they are all dressed in designer suits. Lynette looks down at her grey suit. She rushes out to her car and pulls the white suit out of the trunk.

Nina (to the Kamarov people): "Just, uh, follow this hallway straight down there and make yourselves comfortable."

Lynette sneaks by them holding the packaged white suit.

"For the good of their family, Lynette had made a promise to her husband. And within ten days from the date of purchase, she intended to keep it."

Lynette, dressing in the white suit, pins the price tag down and leaves the restroom.

Nina: "Oh. That's a fantastic suit."

Lynette: "Oh. Thanks."

Nina: "I'm flattered, really. I mean, who knew that you cared so much about what I think?"

Lynette: "I don't follow you."

Nina: "Well, I make a few innocent comments, and you go out and buy yourself a gorgeous new suit. Dance, puppet, dance."

Lynette: "Well, actually, this was already in my closet. I just forgot about it."

Nina: "Forgot? You forgot that you had that suit?"

Lynette walks into the conference room and faces everyone confidently.

Lynette: "Good morning. Hi. I'm Lynette Scavo. Now is everyone taken care of in terms of coffee and whatever else they may like? Great. Well, then, let's get started. I will show you how Kamarov Vodka can expand its customer mindshare while still holding the line on marketing costs. It's something we here at Percher and Murphy like to call "persuasive engineering.""

Nina sees a price tag hanging off the back of Lynette's suit.

Nina: "Lynette, just hold on one second."

She lowers her voice and approaches Lynette.

Nina: "You have a... "

Nina yanks the price tag off and Lynette gasps.

Nina: "They put the price tags on the skirts these days, too, just so you know. Look at that, everybody. Lynette just bought herself a beautiful, brand new suit. Doesn't she look great? Go on."

Lynette: "Okay."

Fairview County Courthouse

David and Carlos are sitting in the courtroom, facing the judge.

Judge: "You may be seated. Good to see you back on your feet, Mr. Bradley. Whenever you're ready."

David: "Thank you, Your Honor. The defense moves to dismiss this case immediately on the grounds that the defendant..."

David looks at Gabrielle sitting in the courtroom and freezes.

Judge: "Are you all right, Mr. Bradley?"

David: "I'm sorry, Your Honor. I just can't. I just can't."

Judge: "Mr. Bradley, do you need a recess?"

David picks up his briefcase and walks out of the courtroom.

Carlos: "What the hell's going on?"

Gabrielle runs after David.

Gabrielle: "David, where are you going?"

David: "I'm sorry. I quit."

Gabrielle: "You can't just quit in the middle of a hearing."

David: "I'd love to get your idiot husband out of jail, but I just can't do it. I'm sorry. "

Gabrielle: "Yeah. Why not?"

David: "Because I'm in love with you."

Gabrielle: "What?"

David: "The other day in the hospital, I started to feel something. I don't know. Maybe it was there all along. But when I look into your eyes, I know you feel it, too. We belong together."

Gabrielle: "Okay, yeah, David, if you don't get back in there right now, I will go get a gun and shoot you myself."

David: "I can't. I'm sorry."

David walks away.

Susan's House

Susan is under the sink, working on something, when someone knocks on her door. Without getting up, she yells out to them.

Susan: "Come in!"

Paul: "We need to talk."

Susan: "Oh! Oh! Uh, uh, Paul, you, you can't just waltz into people's houses."

Paul: "Susan, you told me to come in."

Susan: "Well, that's 'cause I assumed you were someone I would let in my house. What do you want?"

Paul: "I was looking through my mail, and I found this."

He holds up the flyer that proclaims Zach to be missing.

Paul: "I was surprised to discover that you were looking for my son. You didn't happen to find anything out about where Zach might be, did you?"

Susan: "No. No, I didn't. Sorry I can't help you out."

Paul: "I'm asking because if you remember, Zach hid here in this house before, and now I learn that you've been searching for him. "

Susan: "Well, he's not here."

Paul: "Hmm. Well, maybe we should double check."

Susan: "But he's not here. I swear."

As they talk, Susan is rummaging in the soapy dishwater behind her.

Paul: "What are you grabbing for?"

Susan: "A knife. I just want to slice some tomatoes."

Paul reaches over to a knife block and pulls out a large knife. He points it toward Susan and slowly walks toward her.

Susan: "I don't know how I know this, but I, I think that he's in Utah. He, he took a bus to Bountiful. You have family there, right? Okay, I gave him the bus fare."

Paul hands the knife to Susan.

Paul: "You might want to be careful with that. You seem a little jittery."

Paul leaves.

Fairview County Prison Visiting Room

Gabrielle is sitting across from Carlos.

Gabrielle: "Look, I know the timing is bad."

Carlos: "Pretty bad."

Gabrielle: "I feel terrible. How was I supposed to know that he would take a bullet and suddenly realize he's in love with me? Okay, look, I know I pushed you into hiring that creep, but I promise I will do anything I can to fix this."

Carlos: "All right, go have s*x with Bradley."

Gabrielle: "What?"

Carlos: "Well, that's what you want me to say, isn't it? God, you guys are good. I mean, you set me up perfectly."

Gabrielle: "You think David and I planned this so we could sleep together?"

Carlos: "Well, let's see. The guy tells me to my face that he wants to get into your pants, quits a week before my trial, and now you can't wait to do anything to get him back? Yeah."

He gets up and looks at the guard.

Carlos: "I'd like to go back to jail now."

Gabrielle: "How dare you think that of me? I have been nothing but faithful to you! Since you've been in here."

Carlos: "Save it. I know when I've been outfoxed, and please don't pretend that you're doing this for me, cause I'd rather rot in here."

Gabrielle: "And you know what? A lesser woman would let you rot in here, but I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna give you the satisfaction. So you better start packing up your shanks or whatever you people make in here, because you're coming home with me!"

Gabrielle storms out.

Carlos (to the guard): "I don't have any shanks."

Hotel

George and Bree are checking in.

Desk Clerk: "Good afternoon. Checking in?"

George: "Yes. Uh, reservations in the name of Williams. George Williams."

Desk Clerk: "Let me get your paperwork"

George: " So what do you want to do first?"

Bree: "I don't know. I thought maybe we could go antiquing." (to the desk clerk) "I hear you have some lovely museums nearby. Do you have any brochures?"

Desk Clerk: "Right over there, Mrs. Williams."

George: "Oh, uh, she's not my wife."

Desk Clerk: "I'm so sorry."

Bree seems uncomfortable. She absently reaches up to begin scratching at the side of her neck.

George: "So I hear they have a terrific Farmers' Market nearby. We should pick up some nectarines."

Bree: "George, I can't."

George: "What?"

Bree: "I can't stay in a hotel room with you."

George: "Why not?"

Bree: "Because I am starting to get that rash again."

George: "Well, I, I brought the antihistamines."

Bree: "Oh, please. it's not gonna help. George, clearly, this is psychosomatic. We need to go home."

George: "Bree, we just drove three hours to get here."

Bree: "I know, and you have every right to be mad, but, George, I am really starting to itch."

Desk Clerk: "Is there a problem?"

George: "Uh, no, there's no problem. Everything is fine. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Uh, uh, I'll get you your own room."

Bree: "George..."

George: "No, no, no. We can still have a nice weekend. We'll just shift the focus to...antiquing."

Bree: "Please. I mean, clearly, you didn't come here to shop."

George: "No, I came to spend time with you, time that does not need to be spent in a bed."

Bree: "Really? You mean that? You wouldn't mind?"

George: "No."

Bree: "You know what, George? We're gonna have a great time, because there's tons of fun stuff we can do that doesn't involve s*x."

George: "You betcha. While I take care of this, why don't you go get those brochures?"

Bree: "Okay."

George: "Okay."

Bree: "George, you won't believe it. I just stopped itching."

George: "How about that?"

Wisteria Lane - Afternoon

At Lynette's House, Tom is gardening, while the kids are playing in the yard. Lynette drives up and gets out of the car, still wearing the white suit.

Tom: "Nice suit."

Lynette: "Just hear me out. I was gonna take it back, I swear."

Tom: "But?"

Lynette: "But then I started thinking about it, and you know what? I'll be damned if I'm gonna pitch to a roomful of people who are all wearing Armani and Vera Wang, while I'm standing there with two-year-old breast milk crusted on my lapel."

Tom: "Lynette..."

Lynette: "And you know what else? I kicked ass in that meeting because of this suit."

Tom: "It is a suit. Why are you so obsessed with it?"

Lynette: "You can't explain obsession, Tom. It just is."

Tom: "No, we are parents. We can't afford the luxury of obsessions."

Lynette: "See? That's where I think we have been making a terrible, terrible mistake."

Lynette opens her car trunk and takes out a set of new golf clubs.

Tom: "What is this?"

Lynette: "Sometimes we just need to get something that makes us happy. I know that sounds selfish, but I've been thinking. It might make us better people and maybe even better parents."

Tom: "No. No, Lynette, no. This is wrong."

She hands him one of the clubs.

Lynette: "Carbon...fiber...shafts."

Tom takes the club and swings it.

Tom: "Wow. I feel like a better parent already. Oh, yeah!"

Hotel

Bree and George are sitting in the dining room, with menus in front of them.

Bree: "So I was talking to one of the bellmen, and he said there's a place not far from here where we could go horseback riding. Doesn't that sound like fun? George?"

George, distracted, watches two people kissing at another table.

George: "Wh, what? What? I'm sorry."

Bree: "I was saying I think we should go horseback riding."

George: "Oh, sure. That'd, that'd be great."

Bree reaches for George's hand. George pulls away.

Bree: "What's wrong?"

George: "Nothing. I, I just don't think that we should risk you getting another rash. "

Bree: "Well, I'm not gonna get another rash just by holding your hand."

George: "You never know."

Bree: "Oh. Well, okay."

George: "Hey, uh, I brought those antihistamines with me. Maybe you should take a couple, just to see if it works."

He places the pill bottle on the table.

Bree: "Oh, well, I'm drinking wine. I don't think you're supposed to mix pills with alcohol."

George: "That's for people who are, who are about to use heavy machinery. You don't plan on operating a forklift tonight, do you?"

Bree: "Well, you're the pharmacist. If you think it's okay..."

George: "I do."

Bree opens the bottle and takes a couple pills. George reaches out and strokes her hand.

Later, George is holding Bree up as they walk from the dining room back to their rooms.

Bree ( slurring ): "George, I can't feel my legs."

George: "I know, sweetheart. Don't you worry. I'm gonna take you to your room, and then we're gonna get you into bed. Okay?"

Desk Clerk: "Is she going to be okay?"

George: "Yeah, she's just had a little too much wine."

Bree ( slurring ): "I don't think it was the wine, George. I think it was the antihistamines."

George: "She doesn't know what she's...we're good, thank you."

Bree's Hotel Room

George is helping Bree lie down.

Bree moans and, still lying down, tries to reach for her shoe.

George: "No, no, no, no, no. I'll get those. You just relax."

Bree moans and lies back down.

George: "I love you very much, Bree. You know that, right?"

Bree: "I know."

George: "And I want more than anything for you to love me back. Do you understand what I'm saying? Bree?"

Bree is fast asleep. George looks down at her and slowly removes his tie.

Later, Bree wakes up and looks at the clock which reads 3:21. George is sitting in a chair, watching her.

George: "Hey there. How you feeling?"

Bree: "Oh, okay. Have you been sitting there all this time?"

George: "I wanted to make sure you were okay, so I stayed and watched you sleep."

Bree: "Did I do anything embarrassing? Sometimes I snore."

George: "No. No, you slept like an angel. In fact, you were so beautiful and peaceful, I actually started to feel guilty."

Bree: "Guilty?"

George: "Um, well, you know, 'cause I told you take those pills."

Bree: "That chair looks so uncomfortable. Why didn't you sleep next to me?"

George: "Well, you made it pretty clear that you don't want me in your bed."

Bree: "George. I know what you want from me, and I, I thought I wanted the same thing, but I keep getting those rashes because I still feel married."

George: "Makes sense, I guess."

Bree: "Can't you just be patient? Can't you wait just a little bit longer?"

George: "I've already waited my whole life for you, and I can wait a little more."

Bree: "Mmm."

George: "But let's be honest. There's no guarantee that you'll ever be ready. There's only so much rejection I can take. So, I'll do my best, but don't be surprised if one of these days you wake up and I'm not here. Well, I should get back to my room, try to get a little sleep. The antique stores open at ten."

George begins walking out.

Bree: "George, wait. Please don't go. Stay here with me."

George: "But what if you get another rash?"

Bree: "Well, I'll just have to get over it, won't I?"

Bree kisses George and pulls him down onto the bed.

Later, when the clock reads 4:30, George, bare-chested and underneath the covers, is asleep on the bed and Bree sits in the chair, wearing a bathrobe, rubbing her ring finger.

Gabrielle's House

David walks into Gabrielle's bedroom to find her wearing a bra and panties.

David: "Gabrielle? I got your call. Wow! Does this mean what I think it means?"

Gabrielle: "There are some ground rules first. I'm not leaving my husband. Carlos is looking at spending eight years in jail because of my lapse of judgment with the gardener. I can't let him rot in there. I'd be filled with guilt."

David: "You could get him out and then divorce him."

Gabrielle: "Not an option. I'm Catholic, hence the guilt."

David: "So, what are our options?"

Gabrielle: "This, us, stolen moments, seeing each other whenever we can. Carlos never needs to know."

David: "No."

Gabrielle: "I thought this was what you wanted."

David: "I want all of you. All or nothing."

Gabrielle: "Then it's nothing."

David: "So you won't get a divorce, but you'll have an affair?"

Gabrielle: "I said I was Catholic, not a fanatic. You know, David, you could tell me to stop. Just tell me to stop, and I will, or you can have me right now, on my terms."

David: "All right."

He grabs her to kiss her. Gabrielle pushes her thumb into David's sore shoulder, pushing him back.

David: "Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! What are you doing?"

Gabrielle: "Making my point. You don't love me."

David: "Yes, I do."

Gabrielle: "No. You just agreed to an affair. A cheap, illicit affair with the woman you love? Carlos would never share me. He's looking at eight years in prison because the mere thought of it sent him into a violent rage. That is love. This is, this is just lust, mixed with posttraumatic stress. I will see you in court tomorrow at ten a.m. and don't be late, or else I'll have you disbarred for sexual harassment."

Gabrielle leaves the room.

Paul Young's Front Yard

Paul is sprinkling poison into the garden. Mike approaches.

Mike: "I'd take it easy with that snail poison. It's hell on your agapanthus."

Paul: "Thanks. I'll keep that in mind. Is that why you stopped by, to share a few gardening tips?"

Mike: "Nobody wants you here, Paul, especially me."

Paul: "I'm just a father looking for his son."

Mike: "Oh, I know what you are."

Paul: "First, your girlfriend tries to run me off with some crazy story about sending Zach to Utah. Now you're here trying to scare me away. So much for love thy neighbor. Anyway, thanks for the advice. About my agapanthus, I mean. I'll make sure I send you some."

Mike: "What did Susan tell you?"

Susan's Living Room

Susan is wearing Sophie's wedding gown, while Sophie is circling her.

Sophie: "Oh! You look beautiful. Oh, you should really consider wearing this when you marry Mike. We could make it a family tradition."

Susan: "Why don't we both stop getting divorced? That would be a nice family tradition."

Mike walks in.

Susan: Hey!"

Mike: "I need to ask you something important."

Sophie: "Oh, my god! Ah! This is it! Oh! Let me get my camera."

Susan: "Oh, no, mom, stop! What is it?"

Mike: "Did you give Zach money to go to Utah?"

Susan: "What?"

Mike: "Yes or no?"

Susan: "He was talking so much about Julie. I tried to get him to come home with me, I mean, to, to you, but he just kept going on and on about her, and I got scared."

Mike: "Yes or no?"

Susan: "Yes. Mike."

Mike walks out of the house. Susan chases after him.

Susan ( crying ): "Mike, I didn't do it to hurt you. You've gotta believe me. I..."

Lynette, out by her car, turns toward Susan's cry.

Susan: "I, I should have told you right away. I, I know that. But you know now, so can we please talk about it?"

Gabrielle, doing yoga on her front porch, stops and looks toward Susan.

Mike: "No."

He walks to his truck.

Susan: "Mike, stop."

Mike: "Susan, you said you wanted to help me, and I believed you. That's it. We're done."

Mike gets into his truck and slams the door. Susan cries harder.

Susan: "No, no, no, no, no!"

She stands in front of Mike's truck blocking the way. Bree comes out of her house to see what's going on.

Susan: "I screwed up, okay? I want to fix it! Please let me fix it! Tell me how to fix it! Mike, I love you!"

Mike stares at Susan and shakes his head. He puts his truck into reverse, backs up, and drives around her.

Susan: "Please, no, please, please. No, Mike! Mike!"

Susan, still in the wedding gown, chases Mike's truck pleading and crying. Mike drives away. Susan is in the middle of the street, sobbing as she runs after the truck.

Susan: "No, Mike, Mike! Come back! Come back!"

She looks over and sees Paul standing in his yard, staring at her. Paul turns and walks into his house.

Susan: "No, no, no."

Sophie, Lynette, Bree, and Gabrielle all run toward Susan, who has collapsed in the middle of the street.

"Yes, every little girl dreams of a big white wedding. But some dreams just don't come true."

A young mother takes her daughter out of her van and they walk up to a neighbor's house.

"It is often said that necessity is the mother of invention. This is how mothers came to invent play dates. So occasionally they could have a little time for themselves."

Another young mother answers the door. The little girl enters the house. The first mother begins to walk back to her van.

Mother #1: "If you need me, I'll be at the salon."

"But there are some mothers who don't get to take advantage of this maternal innovation. Mothers like Lynette Scavo..."

Lynette, pushing Penny in a stroller, flanked by Porter, Preston and Parker come up the street.

"...who was no longer able to rest on weekends..."

Lynette: "Guys, stop it! Stop it, I mean it, come on!"

